PUBLIC LIABILITY INSURANCE POLICY (NON-INDUSTRIAL) - RETAIL POLICY WORDINGS REGISTERED & CORP OFFICE: Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Limited: 8th Floor & 9th Floor (South Side), Commerz International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City, Off Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063. Contact US: 24/7 Customer Care: Toll free Nos: 1800 - 22- 4030 or 1800-200-4030 Email: contactus@universalsompo.com Website: www.universalsompo.com IRDAI Registration Number:134 CIN: U66010MH2007PLC166770 Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) - Retail Page 1 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 1. OPERATIVE CLAUSE WHEREAS the Insured named in the Schedule hereto and carrying on the business described in the said Schedule has applied to Universal Sompo General Insurance Co. Ltd (hereinafter called “the Company”) for the indemnity hereinafter contained and has made a written proposal and declaration which shall be the basis of this contract and is deemed to be incorporated herein and has paid the premium as consideration for or on account of such indemnity. NOW THIS POLICY WITNESSETH that subject to the terms exceptions and conditions contained herein or endorsed hereon the Company will indemnify the Insured against their legal liability (other than liability under the Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991 or any other Statute that may come into force after the issue of this policy) to pay compensation including Claimant’s costs, fees and expenses anywhere in India, in accordance with Indian Law. 2. INDEMNITY The Indemnity only applies to claims arising out of accidents occurring in the Insured Premises during the period of insurance first made in writing against the Insured during the policy period and the Insured is indemnified in accordance with the Operative Clause for and/or arising out of Injury and/or Damage but only against claims arising out of or in connection with the business specified in the Schedule and not against claims arising out of or in connection with:- a) Pollution howsoever caused unless specifically covered b) Any product. For the purpose of determining the indemnity granted a) ‘Injury’ means death, bodily injury, illness or disease of or to any person, b) ‘Damage’ means actual and/or physical damage to tangible property; c) ‘Pollution’ means pollution or contamination by solids, liquids, gaseous or thermal irritants, contaminants, smoke, vapour, soot, fumes, acids, alkalis, radioactive and/or nuclear material, chemical or waste materials (including but not limited to any material to be recycled, reconditioned or reclaimed) or otherwise of the atmosphere, water, soil, land or other tangible property; d) ‘Product’ means any tangible property after it has left the possession, custody or control of the Insured, which has been designed, specified, formulated, manufactured, constructed, installed, sold, supplied, distributed, treated, serviced, altered or repaired by or on behalf of the Insured but shall not mean food and beverages supplied by or on behalf of the Insured primarily to the Insured’s employees as a staff benefit. e) ‘Policy Period’ means the period commencing from effective date and hour as shown in the Policy Schedule and terminating at midnight on the expiry date as shown in the Policy Schedule. f) ‘Period of Insurance’ means the period commencing from the retroactive date and terminating on the expiry date as shown in the Policy Schedule. Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 2 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 g) ‘Accident’ means a fortuitous event or circumstance which is sudden, unexpected and unintentional including resultant continuous, intermittent or repeated exposure arising out of the same fortuitous event or circumstance. h) ‘Premises’ means the place or places named in the Schedule from which the Insured’s Business is conducted, and shall be deemed to include pipelines running outside the premises for discharge of treated effluents at a disposal point situated within a distance one kilometer from the Premises. i) ‘Retroactive Date’ is the date when the risk is first incepted under a Claims Made Policy and thereafter renewed without break in the period of insurance cover. j) ‘Claim’ means the receipt by the Insured of any written or verbal notice of demand for compensation or rectification made by or on behalf of a third party against the Insured, any/or any suit, claim, petition, writ, statement of claim, claim form, summons, application or other originating legal or arbitral process, cross-claim, counterclaim or third or similar party notice served upon the Insured. NOTIFICATION EXTENSION CLAUSE: Should the Insured notify the Company during the Policy Period in accordance with General Condition 8.1 of any specific event or circumstance which the Company accepts may give rise to a claim or claims which form the subject of indemnity by this policy, then the acceptance of such notification means that the Company will deal with such claim or claims as if they had first been made against the Insured during the Policy period. The extension under this Clause will be subject to the maximum time limit laid down under the Indian Limitation Act in force from time to time. EXTENDED CLAIM REPORTING CLAUSE: In the event of non-renewal or cancellation of this Policy either by the Company or by the Insured, the Company will allow a time limit not exceeding 90 days from the date of expiry or cancellation of the policy provided no insurance is in force during this extended reporting period for the same interest, for notification of claims for accidents which had taken place during the period of insurance but could not be made during the policy period, provided, however, all claims made during the extended reporting period shall be handled as if they were made on the last day of the expiring Policy period and are subject to the limits of indemnity and the terms, conditions and exceptions of the policy. 3. INDEMNITY TO OTHERS The indemnity granted extends to; a) officials of the Insured in their business capacity arising out of the performance of their business or in their private capacity arising out of their temporary engagement of the Insured’s employees; Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 3 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 b) The Officers, Committees and members of the Insured’s canteen, social, sports, medical, fire fighting and welfare organizations in their respective capacities as such; c) the personal representatives of the estate of any person who would otherwise be indemnified by this Policy but only in respect of liability incurred by such person. Provided always that all such persons or parties shall observe, fulfill and be subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy as though they were the Insured. 4. CROSS LIABILITIES Each person or party indemnified is separately indemnified in respect of claims made against any of them by any other person or party (other than the named Insured) subject to Company’s total liability not exceeding the limits of indemnity stated in the Schedule of the Policy. 5. DEFENCE COSTS The Company will pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred with their prior consent in the investigation, defence or settlement of any Claim made against the Insured and the costs of representation at any inquest, inquiry or other proceedings in respect of matters which have a direct relevance to any claim made or which might be made against the Insured, provided such claim or claims are the subject of indemnity by the Policy whether liability ultimately attaches to the policy or not. Such costs, fees and expenses are called ‘Defence Costs’. 6. INDEMNITY LIMITS: Company’s total liability to pay compensation, Claimant’s costs, fees and expenses and defence costs shall not exceed the Indemnity limit stated in the Schedule. Indemnity Limit applies to any one claim or series of claims arising from one originating cause. Indemnity Limit shall represent the total amount of Company’s Liability during the Policy Period. a) CLAIMS SERIES CLAUSES: For the purpose of this policy where a series of and/or several bodily injuries and/or property damages are attributable directly or indirectly to the same cause, all such bodily injuries and/or property damages shall be added together and all such bodily injuries and/or property damages shall be treated as one claim and such claim shall be deemed to have been made at the point in time when the first of the claims was made in writing. There shall, however, be no coverage for claims made arising from one specific cause which are made later than 3 years after the first claim of the series. Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 4 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 b) COMPULSORY EXCESS: The Insured shall bear a Compulsory Excess the amount or percentage of the limit of indemnity per any one accident as stated in the Policy Schedule. This Compulsory Excess shall be applicable to both (a) death/bodily injury and (b) property damage, inclusive of defence costs arising out of any one accident. The Company’s Liability shall attach for the claim in excess of such Compulsory Excess (and Voluntary Excess, if any, opted by the Insured). c) VOLUNTARY EXCESS: In the event of the Insured opting, the policy shall be subject to a Voluntary Excess as stated in the Policy Schedule. This voluntary excess shall be applicable to both (a) death/bodily injury claims and (b) property damage claims inclusive of defence costs arising out of any one accident. The Company’s Liability shall attach for the claims in excess of such Compulsory and Voluntary Excess. 7. EXCLUSIONS This Policy does not cover liability: 1. assumed by the Insured by agreement and which would not have attached in the absence of such agreement. 2. arising out of earthquake, earth-tremor, volcanic eruption, flood, storm, tempest, typhoon, hurricane, tornado, cyclone or other similar convulsions of nature and atmospheric disturbance. 3. arising out of deliberate, willful or intentional non-compliance of any statutory provision. 4. arising out of Insured’s consequential loss of any kind, be they by way of loss of profit, loss of opportunity, business interruption, market loss or otherwise, or claims arising out of loss of a pure financial nature such as loss of goodwill. 5. (a) arising out of all personal injuries such as libel, slander, false arrest, wrongful eviction, wrongful detention, defamation etc. and mental injury, anguish, or shock resulting therefrom; (b) infringement of plans, copy-right, patent, trade name, trade mark, or registered design; 6. arising out of fines, penalties, punitive or exemplary damages or any other damages resulting from the multiplication of compensatory damages. 7. directly or indirectly occasioned by, happening through or in consequence of war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection or military or usurped power or confiscation or nationalization or requisition of or damage to property by or under the order of government or public local authority. 8. directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by: Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 5 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 (a) ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel; (b) the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof; This Policy does not cover liability for claims arising out of; 9. the ownership, possession or use by or on behalf of the Insured of any motor vehicle or trailer for which compulsory insurance is required by legislation other than the following: (a) claims caused by the use of any tool or plant forming part of or attached to or used in connection with any motor vehicle or trailer; (b) claims arising beyond the limits of any carriageway or thoroughfare caused by the loading or unloading of any motor vehicle or trailer; (c) claims for damage to any bridge, weighbridge, road or anything beneath caused by the weight of any motor vehicle or trailer or of the load carried therein; (d) claims arising out of any motor vehicle or trailer temporarily in the Insured’s custody or control for the purpose of parking. 10. transportation of materials and/or hazardous/dangerous substances outside Insured’s premises unless specifically covered. 11. the ownership, possession or use by or on behalf of the Insured of any aircraft, spacecraft, watercraft or hovercraft. 12. damage to property owned, leased or hired or under hire-purchase or on loan to the Insured or otherwise in the Insured’s care custody or control other than the (a) premises (or the contents thereof) temporarily occupied by the Insured for work thereon or other property temporarily in the Insured’s possession for work thereon (but no indemnity is granted for damage to that part of the property on which the Insured is working and which arises out of such work). (b) employees’ and visitors’ clothing and personal effects. (c) premises tenanted by the Insured to the extent that the Insured would be held legally liable in the absence of any specific agreement. 13. injury and/or damage occurring prior to the Retroactive Date stated in the Schedule. Provided always that in the event of any injury or damage arising from continuous or continual inhalation, ingestion or application of any substance following the covered accident and where the Insured and Company cannot agree when the injury or damage occurred, then Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 6 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 (a) injury shall be deemed to have occurred when the claimant first consulted a qualified medical practitioner in respect of such injury; (b) damage shall be deemed to have occurred when it first became evident to the claimant even if the cause was unknown. 14. the deliberate, conscious or intentional disregard of the Insured’s technical or administrative management of the need to take all reasonable steps to prevent claims. 15. injury to any person under a contract of employment or apprenticeship with the Insured, or the Insured’s contractors and sub-contractors, when such Injury arises out of the execution of such contract. 16. any accident(s) in respect of which Relief would be under the Public Liability Insurance Act 1991, any amendment that may come into force after the issue of this policy, or any other Statute or law which attaches liability on a no fault basis. 17. liability more specifically insured elsewhere. 18. any claim made where the circumstances that exist are materially different to the circumstances represented by the Insured in the proposal. 19. any claim made, threatened or intimated against the Insured prior to the Policy Period. 20. any claim directly or indirectly arising out of, or in any way involving any fact or circumstances of which written notice has been given, or ought reasonably to have been given, under any previous policy (whether insured by the Company or not); or of which the Insured first become aware prior to the Period of Insurance and which the Insured knew or ought reasonably to have known had the potential to give rise to a claim. 21. liability in respect of loss or damage to property: (a) belonging to the Insured (b) being that part of any property on which the Insured or any servant or agent of the Insured is or has been working if that loss or damage results directly from such work 22. Liability in respect of injury or damage caused by or in conjunction with the bursting of any steam boiler or other pressure vessel designed to operate under steam belonging to or under the control of the Insured. 23. liability in respect of or arising from damage to any land or property or building caused by vibration or by the removal or weakening of support 24. liability in respect of injury or damage caused by or in connection with or arising from accident to any vessel or craft in consequence of the condition or unsuitability of any berth dock or mooring. 8. GENERAL CONDITIONS 1. The Insured shall give written notice to the Company as soon as reasonably practicable of any claim made against the Insured (or any specific event or circumstance that may give rise to a claim being made against the Insured) and which forms the subject of indemnity under this policy and shall give all such additional information as the Company may Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 7 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 require. Every claim, writ, summons or process and all documents relating to the event shall be forwarded to the Company immediately they are received by the Insured. 2. No admission, offer, promise or payment shall be made or given by or on behalf of the Insured without the written consent of the Company. 3. The Company will have the right, but in no case the obligation, to take over and conduct in the name of the insured the defence of any claim and will have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings and in the settlement of any claim and having taken over the defence of any claim may relinquish the same. All amounts expended by the Company in the defence settlement or payment of any claim will reduce the limits of indemnity specified in the Schedule of the Policy. 4. In the event the Company, in its sole discretion, chooses to exercise its right pursuant to this condition, no action taken by the Company in the exercise of such right will serve to modify or expand in any manner, the Company’s liability or obligations under this policy beyond what the Company’s liability or obligations would have been had it not exercised its rights under this condition. 5. The Insured shall give all such information and assistance as the Company may reasonably require. 6. The Insured shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable of any fact, event or circumstance which materially changes the information supplied to the Company at the time when this policy was effected, and the Company may amend the terms of this Policy according to the materiality of such change. 7. The Company may at any time pay to the Insured in connection with any claim or series of claims under this 8. Policy to which an Indemnity Limit applies the amount of such Limit (after deduction of any sums already paid) or any lesser amount for which such claims can be settled and upon such payment being made the Company shall relinquish the conduct and control of and be under no further liability in connection with such claims. 9. The Policy and the Schedule shall be read together as one contract and any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of this Policy or the Schedule shall bear such specific meaning wherever it may appear. The terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy (and any phrase or word contained therein) shall be interpreted in accordance with Indian Law. 10. The Insured shall keep accurate records of annual turnover which term shall include all leviable duties and at the time of renewal of Insurances declare such details as the Company may require. The Company shall at all reasonable time have free access to inspect such records. 11. If at the time of happening of any event resulting into a liability under this Policy, there be any other Public Liability Insurance or Insurances effected by the Insured or by any other person covering the same liability, then the Company shall not be liable to pay or contribute more than its rateable proportion of such liability. 12. The Insured can cancel the policy at any time during the term, by informing the Company. In case the Insured wishes to cancel the policy, they are not required to give reasons for cancellation Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 8 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 In such case of cancelation, the Company will refund proportional premium for unexpired policy period and there is no claim(s) made during the policy period The Company can cancel the policy only on the grounds of established fraud, by giving minimum notice of 7 days to the retail policyholder. 13. In the event of liability arising under the policy or the payment of claim under the policy, the Limit of Indemnity per any one year under the Policy shall get reduced by the extent of quantum of liability to be paid or actual payment of such claim. Under no circumstances, it shall be permissible to reinstate the limit of indemnity to the original level, even on payment of extra premiums. 14. It is also hereby further expressly agreed and declared that if the Company shall disclaim liability to the Insured for any claim hereunder and such claim shall not within 12 calendar months from the date of such disclaimer have been made the subject matter of a suit in a court of law then the claim shall for all purposes be deemed to have been abandoned and shall not thereafter be recoverable hereunder. 15. The Company shall not be liable to make any payment under this Policy in respect of any claim if such claim shall be in any manner fraudulent or supported by any statement or device whether by Insured or by any person on behalf of the Insured and/or if the insurance has been continued in consequence of any material mis-statement or the non-disclosure of any material information by or on behalf of the Insured. 16. No claim shall be payable under this policy unless the cause of action arises in India and the liability to pay claim is established against the insured in an Indian court. It is further agreed and understood that only Indian Law shall be applicable to any such action. 9. ARBITRATION The parties to the contract may mutually agree and enter into a separate Arbitration Agreement to settle any and all disputes in relation to this policy. Arbitration shall be conducted under and in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. (This clause does not apply to policies bought by individuals) 10. SUBROGATION In the event of any payment under this Policy, the Company shall be subrogated to all of the Insured’s rights of recovery to the extent of such payments against any person or organization and the Insured shall execute and deliver instruments and papers and do whatever else is necessary to secure such rights and ensure that nothing is done to prejudice such rights and provide the Insurers with whatever reasonable co-operation and assistance they might require. However, it is specifically agreed that the Insurer will not exercise its rights of subrogation against any employee of the Insured unless the aforesaid payment has been caused by or contributed to in any way by the fraud, dishonesty or malicious intent of any such employee. In the event of any recovery being made, it is specifically understood that the recovered funds shall be applied in the following order: Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 9 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 1. 2. 3. the Company shall be reimbursed to the extent of any payment it has made under this Policy. the Company shall be reimbursed for the actual costs and expenses it has incurred in pursuing the recovery. the Insured shall be entitled to reimbursement in respect of its losses only after the payment of 1 and 2 and only to the extent of any recovered funds that might remain. 11. EXCESS INSURANCE – LIABILITY UNDER PUBLIC LIABILITY INSURANCE ACT 1991 With respect to liability arising under the Public Liability Act 1991, this insurance shall be excess insurance over any other valid and collectible Insurance and/or Statutory or self-administered fund available to the Insured. 12. CLAIMS PROCEDURE In the event of any circumstances likely to give rise to a claim insured must follow the following. 1.Immediately lodge a written complaint/FIR with the police station (Indicative: depending on case merits) and parallelly report the matter to USGICL customer care no. Toll Free Number: 1800-22-4030 / 1800-200 4030, alternatively you can notify your claim by sending mail to <contactclaims@universalsompo.com>. Followed by notification of a claim, insured is expected to follow the following procedures. 1. Insured should evaluate the loss situation and accordingly accumulate the facts with supporting documents in regards to the following in line to the nature of business; a) Injury, which means death, bodily injury, illness or disease of or to any person and b) Damage, which means loss of possession or control of or actual destruction (whether full or partial) to tangible property and c) Pecuniary loss The liability policy shall compensate claimant’s costs, fees and expenses incurred with USGI’s consent in defending any claim made against the insured. However, these are payable within the limit of liability, unless otherwise specified. Legal liability to be established. Basic documents to be submitted by insured for claim settlement (To be submitted by insured after reporting of loss) • Detailed version about the incident / alleged misfeasance • Details of loss caused / injury / death / property damage including all available information on victims as well as estimated quantum of liability • Steps taken by the insured to mitigate the loss • Statements from Witnesses, sketch plans, photographs, visual records of evidence / circumstances, video etc. Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 10 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 • Any other evidence in support of claim • Press Reports • FIR / Investigation Report of police • Survey / Investigation Report • All notices / summons from the court • Weather (meteorological) report • Pollution Control Board Report • Post Mortem Report / Medical Certificate • Consumer Action Group / Society / Group Representation / Report • Details of other insurance • Legal opinion on admission of liability / appeal • Details of claims, if any, preferred by the affected party / insured for the same loss from any other source • Payment proofs from insured subject to admission of liability • Turn Around Time (TAT) for claims settlement (excluding policies issued on the property/ building on reinstatement basis) a. The Surveyor shall be appointed within 24 hours from the intimation. b. The surveyor to share the Letter of requirement within 02 days from the date of his visit to the loss premises. c. The Surveyor shall share its reminders emails/letter after 05 days from the date of last mail in case the documents has not been submitted. d. The Insurance Company to obtain survey report within 15 days from the date of appointment. e. Post receipt of survey report insurance company to conclude the case within 07 days of receipt of survey report. • Escalation Matrix Level 1 - contactclaims@universalsompo.com Level 2 - grievance@universalsompo.com Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 11 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 Level 3 - gro@universalsompo.com 13. GRIEVANCES If You have a grievance about any matter relating to the Policy, or Our decision on any matter, or the claim, You can address Your grievance as follows: ➢ Step 1 a. Contact Us 1-800-224030/1-800-2004030 b. E-mail Address: Contactus@universalsompo.com c. Write to us Customer Service Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Limited Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Reliable Tech Park, Thane- Belapur Road, Airoli, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400708 d. Senior Citizen Number: 1800 267 4030 ➢ Step 2 If the resolution you received, does not meet your expectations, you can directly write to our Grievance Id. After examining the matter, the final response would be conveyed within two weeks from the date of receipt of your complaint on this email id. Email Us- grievance@universalsompo.com Drop in Your concern Grievance Cell: Universal Sompo General Insurance Co. Ltd, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Reliable Tech Park, Thane- Belapur Road, Airoli, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400708 Visit Branch Grievance Redressal Officer (GRO) Walk into any of our nearest branches and request to meet the GRO • We will acknowledge receipt of your concern immediately • Within 2 weeks of receiving your grievance, we will respond to you with the best solution. • We shall regard the complaint as closed if we do not receive a reply within 8 weeks from the date of our response ➢ Step 3: In case, You are not satisfied with the decision/resolution of the above office or have not received any response within 15 working days, You may write or email to: Chief Grievance Redressal Officer Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Limited Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Reliable Tech Park, Thane- Belapur Road,Airoli, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400708 Email : gro@universalsompo.com Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 12 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 For updated details of grievance officer, kindly refer the link https://www.universalsompo.com/resourse-grievanceredressal ➢ Step 4. Bima Bharosa Portal link : https://bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in/ Insurance Ombudsman You can approach the Insurance Ombudsman depending on the nature of grievance and financial implication, if any. Information about Insurance Ombudsmen, their jurisdiction and powers is available on the website of the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) at www.irdai.gov.in, or of the General Insurance Council at https://www.gicouncil.in/, the Consumer Education Website of the IRDAI at http://www.policyholder.gov.in, or from any of Our Offices. The updated contact details of the Insurance Ombudsman offices can be referred by clicking on the Insurance ombudsman official site: https://www.cioins.co.in/Ombudsman Note: Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI https://bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in/ The contact details of the Insurance Ombudsman offices are as below- Office Details Jurisdiction of Office Union Territory,District) AHMEDABAD Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Prakash Building, 6th floor, Tilak Marg, Relief Road, Ahmedabad – 380 001. Tel.: 079 - 25501201/02/05/06 Email: bimalokpal.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in BENGALURU - Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Soudha Building,PID No. 57-27-N-19 Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main Road, JP Nagar, Ist Phase, Bengaluru – 560 078. Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049 Email: bimalokpal.bengaluru@cioins.co.in BHOPAL Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 1st floor,"Jeevan Shikha", 60-B,Hoshangabad Road, Opp. Gayatri Mandir, Bhopal – 462 011. Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202 Email: bimalokpal.bhopal@cioins.co.in Gujarat, Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Daman and Diu. Karnataka Madhya Pradesh Chattisgarh. Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 13 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 BHUBANESHWAR Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 62, Forest park, Bhubaneshwar – 751 009. Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455 Fax: 0674 - 2596429 Email: bimalokpal.bhubaneswar@cioins.co.in CHANDIGARH Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, S.C.O. No. 101, 102 & 103, 2nd Floor Batra Building, Sector 17 – D, Chandigarh – 160 017 Tel.: 0172 - 4646394 / 2706468 Email: bimalokpal.chandigarh@cioins.co.in CHENNAI Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 453, Anna Salai, Teynampet, CHENNAI – 600 018. Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24333678 Email: bimalokpal.chennai@cioins.co.in DELHI Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 2/2 A, Universal Insurance Building, Asaf Ali Road, New Delhi – 110 002. Tel.: 011 – 23237539 Email: bimalokpal.delhi@cioins.co.in GUWAHATI Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Nivesh, 5th Floor, Nr. Panbazar over bridge, S.S. Road, Guwahati – 781001(ASSAM). Tel.: 0361 - 2632204 / 2602205 Email: bimalokpal.guwahati@cioins.co.in HYDERABAD Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 6-2-46, 1st floor, "Moin Court", Lane Opp. Saleem Function Palace, A. C. Guards, Lakdi-Ka-Pool, Hyderabad - 500 004. Tel.: 040 – 23312122 Email: bimalokpal.hyderabad@cioins.co.in Odisha Punjab, Haryana(excluding Gurugram, Faridabad, Sonepat and Bahadurgarh) Himachal Pradesh, Union Territories of Jammu & Kashmir, Ladakh & Chandigarh. Tamil Nadu, PuducherryTown and Karaikal (which are part of Puducherry). Delhi & Following Districts of Haryana - Gurugram, Faridabad , Sonepat & Bahadurgarh Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Tripura. Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Yanam and part of Union Territory of Puducherry. Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 14 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 ERNAKULAM Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 10th Floor, Jeevan Prakash, LIC Building, Opp to Maharaja's College, M.G.Road, Kochi - 682 011. Tel.: 0484 - 2358759 Email: bimalokpal.ernakulam@cioins.co.in KOLKATA Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Hindustan Bldg. Annexe, 7th Floor, 4, C.R. Avenue, KOLKATA - 700 072. Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124341 Email: bimalokpal.kolkata@cioins.co.in LUCKNOW Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II, Nawal Kishore Road, Hazratganj, Lucknow - 226 001. Tel.: 0522 - 4002082/3500613 Email: bimalokpal.lucknow@cioins.co.in MUMBAI Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe, S. V. Road, Santacruz (W), Mumbai - 400 054. Tel.: 69038800/27/29/31/32/33 Email: bimalokpal.mumbai@cioins.co.in NOIDA Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Bhagwan Sahai Palace 4th Floor, Main Road, Naya Bans, Sector 15, Distt: Gautam Buddh Nagar, U.P-201301. Tel.: 0120-2514252 / 2514253 Email: bimalokpal.noida@cioins.co.in PATNA Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 2nd Floor, Lalit Bhawan, Kerala, Lakshadweep, Mahe-a part of Union Territory of Puducherry West Bengal, Sikkim, Andaman & Nicobar Islands. Districts of Uttar Pradesh : Lalitpur, Jhansi, Mahoba, Hamirpur, Banda, Chitrakoot, Allahabad, Mirzapur, Sonbhabdra, Fatehpur, Pratapgarh, Jaunpur,Varanasi, Gazipur, Jalaun, Kanpur, Lucknow, Unnao, Sitapur, Lakhimpur, Bahraich, Barabanki, Raebareli, Sravasti, Gonda, Faizabad, Amethi, Kaushambi, Balrampur, Basti, Ambedkarnagar, Sultanpur, Maharajgang, Santkabirnagar, Azamgarh, Kushinagar, Gorkhpur, Deoria, Mau, Ghazipur, Chandauli, Ballia, Sidharathnagar. Goa, Mumbai Metropolitan Region excluding Navi Mumbai & Thane. State of Uttaranchal and the following Districts of Uttar Pradesh: Agra, Aligarh, Bagpat, Bareilly, Bijnor, Budaun, Bulandshehar, Etah, Kanooj, Mainpuri, Mathura, Meerut, Moradabad, Muzaffarnagar, Oraiyya, Pilibhit, Etawah, Farrukhabad, Firozbad, Gautambodhanagar, Ghaziabad, Hardoi, Shahjahanpur, Hapur, Shamli, Rampur, Kashganj, Sambhal, Amroha, Hathras, Kanshiramnagar, Saharanpur. Bihar, Jharkhand. Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 15 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223 Bailey Road, Patna 800 001. Tel.: 0612-2547068 Email: bimalokpal.patna@cioins.co.in PUNE Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Darshan Bldg., 3rd Floor, C.T.S. No.s. 195 to 198, N.C. Kelkar Road, Narayan Peth, Pune – 411 030. Tel.: 020-24471175 Email: bimalokpal.pune@cioins.co.in Maharashtra, Area of Navi Mumbai and Thane excluding Mumbai Metropolitan Region. Information about Us ▪ Universal Sompo General Insurance Company Limited ▪ Address Web: www.universalsompo.com. E-mail: contactus@universalsompo.com ▪ ▪ Customer Service: ▪ Toll Free Numbers: 1800-200-4030/ 1800-22-4030 Policy Wording –Public Liability Insurance Policy (Non-Industrial) Page 16 UIN No. IRDAN134RP0287V01202223