ReAssure 2.0 - Policy Wordings 1. 2. Preamble This Policy covers Allopathic and AYUSH treatments taken in India ONLY. Deﬁnitions It is IMPORTANT You should go through the deﬁnition of some words used in the policy. Deﬁnition of these may vary from the common understanding and colloquial meaning. If a word is not speciﬁcally deﬁned in the following section, it’s common meaning will apply. 2.1. Standard Deﬁnitions: 2.1.1. Accident or Accidental means a sudden, unforeseen and involuntary event caused by external, visible and violent means. 2.1.2. AYUSH Hospital is a healthcare facility wherein medical / surgical / para-surgical treatment procedures and interventions are carried out by AYUSH Medical Practitioner(s) comprising of any of the following: a. Central or state government AYUSH Hospital; or b. Teaching Hospital attached to AYUSH college recognized by the Central Government / Central Council of Indian Medicine / Central Council of Homeopathy; or c. AYUSH Hospital, standalone or co-located with in-patient healthcare facility of any recognized system of medicine, registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable and is under the supervision of a qualiﬁed registered AYUSH Medical Practitioner and must comply with all the following criterion: i. Having at least ﬁve in-patient beds; ii. Having qualiﬁed AYUSH Medical Practitioner in charge round the clock; iii. Having dedicated AYUSH therapy sections as required and/or has equipped operation theatre where surgical procedures are to be carried out; iv. Maintaining daily records of the patients and making them accessible to the insurance company’s authorized representative. AYUSH Hospitals referred above shall also obtain either pre-entry level certiﬁcate (or higher level of certiﬁcate) issued by National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers (NABH) or State Level Certiﬁcate (or higher level of certiﬁcate) under National Quality Assurance Standards (NQAS), issued by National Health Systems Resources Centre (NHSRC). AYUSH Treatment refers to the medical and / or hospitalization treatments given under Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Sidha and Homeopathy systems. Cashless Facility means a facility extended by the insurer to the insured where the payments, of the costs of treatment undergone by the insured in accordance with the policy terms and conditions, are directly made to the network provider by the insurer to the extent pre-authorization is approved. Congenital Anomaly means a condition which is present since birth, and which is abnormal with reference to form, structure or position. a. b. External Congenital Anomaly: Congenital Anomaly which is in the visible and accessible parts of the body. Internal Congenital Anomaly: Congenital Anomaly which is not in the visible and accessible parts of the body. 2.1.3. 2.1.4. 2.1.5. 2.1.6. Day Care Centre means any institution established for Day Care Treatment of Illness and/or Injuries or a medical set-up with a Hospital and which has been registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a registered and qualiﬁed Medical Practitioner AND must comply with all minimum criterion as under: has Qualiﬁed Nursing staff under its employment; a. b. has qualiﬁed Medical Practitioner(s) in charge; c. d. maintains daily records of patients and will make these accessible to the insurance company’s authorized personnel. has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where Surgical Procedures are carried out; 2.1.7. Day Care Treatment refers to medical treatment, and/or Surgical Procedure which is: a. undertaken under General or Local Anaesthesia in a Hospital/Day Care Centre in less than 24 hrs because of technological advancement, and b. which would have otherwise required a Hospitalization of more than 24 hours. Treatment normally taken on an out patient basis is not included in the scope of this deﬁnition. 2.1.8. Dental Treatment means a treatment related to teeth or structures supporting teeth including examinations, ﬁllings (where appropriate), crowns, extractions and Surgery. 2.1.9. Domiciliary Hospitalization means medical treatment for an Illness/disease/Injury which in the normal course would require care and treatment at a Hospital but is actually taken while conﬁned at home under any of the following circumstances: a. b. the condition of the patient is such that he/she is not in a condition to be removed to a Hospital, or the patient takes treatment at home on account of non availability of room in a Hospital. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 2.1.10. Emergency care means management for an Illness or Injury which results in symptoms which occur suddenly and unexpectedly, and requires immediate care by a Medical Practitioner to prevent death or serious long term impairment of the Insured Person’s health. 2.1.11. Grace Period means the speciﬁed period of time immediately following the premium due date during which a payment can be made to Renew or continue a policy in force without loss of continuity beneﬁts such as Waiting Periods and coverage of Pre-existing Diseases. Coverage is not available for the period for which no premium is received. 2.1.12. Hospital means any institution established for Inpatient Care and Day Care Treatment of Illness and / or Injuries and which has been registered as a Hospital with the local authorities under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2010 or under the enactments speciﬁed under the Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said Act OR complies with all minimum criteria as under: a. b. has at least 10 Inpatient beds in towns having a population of less than 10,00,000 and at least 15 Inpatient beds in all other places; c. has qualiﬁed Medical Practitioner(s) in charge round the clock; d. has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where Surgical Procedures are carried out; e. maintains daily records of patients and makes these accessible to the Insurance company’s authorized personnel. has Qualiﬁed Nursing staff under its employment round the clock; 2.1.13. Hospitalization means admission in a Hospital for a minimum period of 24 consecutive ‘In-patient Care’ hours except for speciﬁed procedures/ treatments, where such admission could be for a period of less than 24 consecutive hours. 2.1.14. Illness means a sickness or a disease or pathological condition leading to the impairment of normal physiological function and requires medical treatment. a. Acute condition - Acute condition is a disease, illness or injury that is likely to respond quickly to treatment which aims to return the person to his or her state of health immediately before suffering the disease/ illness/ injury which leads to full recovery b. Chronic condition - A chronic condition is deﬁned as a disease, illness, or injury that has one or more of the following characteristics: a. b. c. d. e. it needs ongoing or long-term monitoring through consultations, examinations, check-ups, and /or tests it needs ongoing or long-term control or relief of symptoms it requires rehabilitation for the patient or for the patient to be specially trained to cope with it it continues indeﬁnitely it recurs or is likely to recur 2.1.15. Injury means Accidental physical bodily harm excluding Illness or disease solely and directly caused by external, violent and visible and evident means which is veriﬁed and certiﬁed by a Medical Practitioner. 2.1.16. In-patient Care means treatment for which the Insured Person has to stay in a Hospital for more than 24 hours for a covered event. 2.1.17. Intensive Care Unit means an identiﬁed section, ward or wing of a hospital which is under the constant supervision of a dedicated medical practitioner(s), and which is specially equipped for the continuous monitoring and treatment of patients who are in a critical condition, or require life support facilities and where the level of care and supervision is considerable more sophisticated and intensive than in the ordinary and other wards. 2.1.18. ICU (Intensive Care Unit) Charges means the amount charged by a Hospital towards ICU expenses on a per day basis which shall include the expenses for ICU bed, general medical support services provided to any ICU patient including monitoring devices, critical care nursing and intensivist charges. 2.1.19. Maternity Expenses shall include: a. Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during Hospitalization) b. Expenses towards lawful medical termination of pregnancy during Policy Period. 2.1.20. Medical Advice means any consultation or advice from a Medical Practitioner including the issuance of any prescription or follow-up prescription. 2.1.21. Medical Expenses means those expenses that an Insured Person has necessarily and actually incurred for medical treatment on account of Illness or Accident on the advice of a Medical Practitioner, as long as these are no more than would have been payable if the Insured Person had not been insured and no more than other Hospitals or doctors in the same locality would have charged for the same medical treatment. 2.1.22. Medical Practitioner means a person who holds a valid registration from the Medical Council of any State or Medical Council of India or Council for Indian Medicine or for Homeopathy set up by the Government of India or a State Government and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and jurisdiction of his licence. 2.1.23. Medically Necessary Treatment means any treatment, tests, medication, or stay in Hospital or part of a stay in Hospital which: is required for the medical management of the Illness or Injury suffered by the insured; a. b. must not exceed the level of care necessary to provide safe, adequate and appropriate medical care in scope, duration, or intensity; c. must have been prescribed by a Medical Practitioner; d. must conform to the professional standards widely accepted in international medical practice or by the medical community in India. 2.1.24. Migration means the right accorded to health insurance policyholders (including all members under family cover and members of group health insurance policy), to transfer the credit gained for pre-existing conditions and time bound exclusions, with the same insurer. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 2.1.25. Network Provider means Hospital enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly by an insurer and TPA to provide medical services to an insured by a Cashless Facility. 2.1.26. Non-Network Provider means any Hospital, Day Care Centre or other provider that is not part of the network. 2.1.27. Notiﬁcation of Claim means the process of intimating a claim to the insurer or TPA through any of the recognized modes of communication 2.1.28. OPD Treatment means the one in which the Insured visits a clinic / Hospital or associated facility like a consultation room for diagnosis and treatment based on the advice of a Medical Practitioner. The Insured is not admitted as a day care or In-patient. 2.1.29. Pre-existing Disease means any condition, ailment, injury or disease a. b. That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement or For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement. 2.1.30. Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses means medical expenses incurred during pre-deﬁned number of days preceding the hospitalization of the Insured Person, provided that: a. Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the same condition for which the Insured Person’s Hospitalization was required, and b. The Inpatient Hospitalization claim for such Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance Company. 2.1.31. Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses means medical expenses incurred during pre-deﬁned number of days immediately after the Insured Person is discharged from the Hospital, provided that: a. Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition for which the Insured Person’s Hospitalization was required, and b. The Inpatient Hospitalization claim for such Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance Company. 2.1.32. Portability means the right accorded to an individual health insurance policyholders (including all members under family cover), to transfer the credit gained for pre-existing conditions and time bound exclusions, from one insurer to another insurer. 2.1.33. Reasonable and Customary Charges means the charges for services or supplies, which are the standard charges for the speciﬁc provider and consistent with the prevailing charges in the geographical area for identical or similar services, taking into account the nature of the Illness / Injury involved. 2.1.34. Renewal means the terms on which the contract of insurance can be renewed on mutual consent with a provision of Grace Period for treating the renewal continuous for the purpose of gaining credit for pre-existing diseases, time bound exclusions and for all Waiting Periods. 2.1.35. Room Rent means the amount charged by a Hospital towards Room and Boarding expenses and shall include the associated medical expenses. 2.1.36. Surgery or Surgical Procedure means manual and / or operative procedure (s) required for treatment of an Illness or Injury, correction of deformities and defects, diagnosis and cure of diseases, relief from suffering or prolongation of life, performed in a Hospital or Day Care Centre by a Medical Practitioner. 2.1.37. Unproven/Experimental treatment means the treatment including drug experimental therapy which is not based on established medical practice in India, is treatment experimental or unproven 2.2. Speciﬁc Deﬁnitions 2.2.1. Base Sum Insured means the coverage amount for which the premium is computed and charged for this policy. 2.2.2. Insured Person is the one for whom the company has received full premium (including additional premium if any), completed the risk assessment and issued the policy. The names of the Insured persons covered in the policy are speciﬁed in the policy document, who are also referred as You/ Your/Policyholder in this policy. 2.2.3. Partner Network means Hospital, Diagnostic Centers, Clinics, Doctors, Health Care Workers, empanelled by the Insurer and/or by a consolidated organization to provide health related medical services. 2.2.4. Policy Year means the period of one year from the date of commencement of the policy. 3. Sum Insured(s) The product offers you so much more! More beneﬁts, More options and More Sum Insured. Sum Insured will be utilized as per following sequence in event of any claim: Base Sum Insured 1. 2. Booster+ Sum Insured 3. Safeguard/Safeguard+ Sum Insured 4. ReAssure Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 4. Beneﬁts available under the policy. Different beneﬁts have different limits or Sum Insured. A limit or Sum Insured is our maximum liability (basically this is the maximum claim we will pay) under the beneﬁt. These limits & Sum Insured will be mentioned in your Policy Schedule. 4.1. Expenses in reaching a Hospital Road Ambulance: We will pay you up to Base Sum Insured 4.1.1. 4.1.2. Air Ambulance: Only in case of Emergency. Maximum INR 2,50,000 per hospitalization. Note: This will be paid only if claim for hospitalization is paid by us. You must always use a registered ambulance / air ambulance provider. 4.2. Expenses during Hospitalization 4.2.1. We will pay the expenses incurred by you on treatment (Naturally this excludes expenses not linked to treatment like food, beverage, toiletries and cosmetics). We don’t limit your choice. Choose the room you like, but choose judiciously to protect your Sum Insured. • Admitted for 2 hours or more (minimum 24 hours for AYUSH treatment in a AYUSH Hospital) Note: I. We will NOT pay, even if you were hospitalized, if there was no treatment and only investigations were done. Examples: MRI, CT Scan, Endoscopy, Colonoscopy etc. II. We will NOT pay for Automation machine for peritoneal dialysis 4.2.2. We pay for Modern treatments as speciﬁed below: Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU (High intensity focused ultrasound) Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to be given as injection Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser treatment or holmium laser treatment) Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions Balloon Sinuplasty Oral Chemotherapy Robotic surgeries Stereotactic radio Surgeries Deep Brain stimulation Intra vitreal injections Bronchical Thermoplasty IONM - (Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring) NOTE: A limit of maximum Rs.1,00,000 per claim will apply to all robotic surgeries, except for total radical prostatectomy, cardiac surgeries, partial nephrectomy and surgeries for malignancies. 4.3. Expenses before and after hospitalization (Pre & Post hospitalization) We will pay expenses incurred on consultations, medicines, physiotherapy, diagnostic tests for 60 days before the date of admission and 180 days after date of discharge IF these are related to the condition for which hospitalization claim is paid. 4.4. Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment Home Care Treatment means treatment availed by the insured person at home which in normal course would require care and treatment at a hospital but is actually taken at home provided that: The medical practitioner advices the insured person to undergo treatment at home 4.4.1. 4.4.2. There is continuous active line of treatment with monitoring of health status by a medical practitioner for each day through the duration of the home care treatment 4.4.3. Daily monitoring chart including records of treatment administered duly signed by the treating doctor is maintained Note: • We will pay for Pre & Post hospitalization beneﬁt as per section 4.3 for Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment. • • We do NOT pay for any Medical & ambulatory devices used at home (like Pulse Oxymeter, BP monitors, Sugar monitors, automation device for We pay for peritoneal dialysis, Chemotherapy taken at home. peritoneal dialysis, CPAP, BiPAP, Crutches, wheel chair etc.) 4.5. Organ donor If you ever undergo an organ transplant, we will pay the hospitalization expenses of the donor for harvesting the organ, ONLY when your Hospitalisation claim is paid. If you donate any of your organs, we will pay for the expenses for harvesting the organ from you. We respect this noble deed. Remember, organ donation saves many lives. 4.6. Annual Health Checkup The Insured Person may avail a health check-up, only for Diagnostic Tests, up to a sub-limit as speciﬁed in Your Policy Schedule. This beneﬁt is available ONLY on cashless and no re-imbursement is allowed. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Complete blood count (CBC) Complete Physical Examination by Physician Serum Electrolytes Urine Routine & Microscopic Post prandial/lunch blood sugar (PPBS / PLBS) HbA1C List of tests covered: Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate (ESR) Fasting Blood sugar (FBS) Electrocardiogram (ECG) X Ray chest Mammogram PAP smear 4.7. ReAssure+ Uric Acid Lipid Proﬁle Kidney function test Serum Vitamin D Colonoscopy (for >50 year olds) Thyroid function test Liver Function Test (LFT) Treadmill test (TMT) OR 2 D ECHO Ultrasound test (USG) Serum calcium A) ReAssure “Forever”: ReAssure “Forever”: Enjoy unlimited Sum Insured. The ﬁrst paid claim in the life of the policy triggers ReAssure “Forever”. Once Triggered it stays for life, provided that the policy is renewed without break. Note: • Maximum amount ReAssure “Forever” pays for any single claim is up to Base Sum Insured. • We will consider a claim, if it is paid under the following: Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization, Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor. • Expenses in reaching a Hospital and Expenses before and after hospitalization for the 1st ever hospitalization will be treated as the 1st claim itself. Year 1: Once the Policy is bought Base Sum Insured 1st paid Claim 10 Lakh 7 Lakh ReAssure “Forever” is triggered (Equal to Base Sum Insured) Balance Base Sum Insured 2nd payable claim Claim amount paid Balance Base Sum Insured 3rd Payable claim Claim amount paid 3 Lakh 12 Lakh 12 Lakh (3 Lakh from Base Sum Insured and 9 Lakh from ReAssure “Forever”) Nil 11 Lakh 10 Lakh from ReAssure “Forever” Year 2: Once the policy is renewed Base Sum Insured ReAssure is "Forever" 1st Claim Paid Balance Base Sum Insured 2nd payable claim Claim amount paid Balance Base Sum Insured 3rd Payable claim Claim amount paid 10 Lakh 10 Lakh 15 Lakh Nil 12 Lakh 10 Lakh Nil 10 Lakh 10 Lakh from ReAssure “Forever” 10 Lakhs from Base Sum Insured and 5 Lakhs from ReAssure “Forever” ReAssure “Forever” ReAssure “Forever” (this 10 Lakh will trigger unlimited times) B) Lock the Clock: Your age is locked at entry when you buy the policy, till you make a claim. In case of multi tenure policies, the premium for the entire tenure will be charged as per the entry age. No additional premium will be charged In the E.g. if you buy the policy at 25 years, you will keep paying the premium applicable for a 25 year old at each renewal, till a claim is paid in the policy. Post the claim is paid, the premium charged will be as per your current age and will continue to change as per the age slabs at each renewal. Note: • middle of the tenure in case of claims. At the time of renewal (in case of a claim), the premium will be charged as per the current age of the consumer at renewal • that age, till a claim is paid.. If you add a member to the ﬂoater plan, then the premiums will be charged as per the entry age of the eldest member and will lock the premium at Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 • • • If you add a member to an individual plan and convert it into a Floater plan, then the premiums will be charged as per the entry age of the eldest member and will lock the premium at that age, till a claim is paid. If the eldest member is no longer part of the Floater plan, then the Floater premium will be calculated as per the original entry age of the eldest member in the policy amongst the remaining members and lock at that age, till a claim is paid. If a ﬂoater plan, splits into multiple policies, then we will carry forward the locked age at which the ﬂoater policies were taken by individuals (as per the claim history) in the policies carried forward, till a claim is paid. In a multi individual policy, the age will unlock only for the individuals who claim. In a ﬂoater policy, if a claim is paid for anyone in the plan then we will unlock the age for the entire policy. • • • We will consider a claim, if a claim is paid under the following: Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization, Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor 4.8. ReAssureX Enjoy unlimited Sum Insured. The first paid claim in the life of the policy triggers ReAssureX. Once Triggered it stays for life, provided that the policy is renewed without break. Note: • Maximum amount ReAssureX pays for any single claim is up to Base Sum Insured. • We will consider a claim, if it is paid under the following: Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization, Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor. • Expenses in reaching a Hospital and Expenses before and after hospitalization for the 1st ever hospitalization will be treated as the 1st claim itself. Year 1: Once the Policy is bought Base Sum Insured 1st paid Claim 10 Lakh 7 Lakh ReAssureX is triggered (Equal to Base Sum Insured) Balance Base Sum Insured 2nd payable claim Claim amount paid Balance Base Sum Insured 3rd Payable claim Claim amount paid 3 Lakh 12 Lakh 12 Lakh (3 Lakh from Base Sum Insured and 9 Lakh from ReAssureX) Nil 11 Lakh 10 Lakh from ReAssureX Year 2: Once the policy is renewed Base Sum Insured ReAssureX Sum Insured 1st Claim Paid Balance Base Sum Insured 2nd payable claim Claim amount paid Balance Base Sum Insured 3rd Payable claim Claim amount paid 10 Lakh 10 Lakh 15 Lakh Nil 12 Lakh 10 Lakh Nil 10 Lakh 10 Lakhs from Base Sum Insured and 5 Lakhs from ReAssureX ReAssureX ReAssureX 10 Lakh from ReAssureX (this 10 Lakh will trigger unlimited times) 4.9. Booster+ Don’t lose what you don’t use. Unutilized Base Sum Insured carries forward. Maximum it will accumulate up to 3/5/10 times (based on the plan you have chosen) of the Base Sum Insured. Example: If you have chosen Base Sum Insured of INR 10 lakh and Titanium+ Variant, then at the end of 10 years (if you have made no claims in these years) you will have 1.10 Crore Sum Insured (that is 10 Lakh base + 1 Crore Booster+). Don’t forget that you would have the Safeguard / Safeguard+ (this is a great benefit. You must choose it) and ReAssure “Forever” / ReAssureX (in case of claim) over and above the 1.10 Crore. That’s 11 times of Sum Insured than what you paid for. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Note: • If you convert an Individual Sum Insured policy in any manner, into a ﬂoater plan, then the least of the Booster+ Sum Insured of individual insured members will be carried forward to the ﬂoater plan. • If a ﬂoater plan, splits into multiple policies, then the Booster+ Sum Insured of ﬂoater plan will be carried forward to the split policies, provided the Base Sum Insured is not reduced. • If you reduce the Base Sum Insured, Booster+ Sum Insured will be proportionately reduced. Let’s say if you reduce the current INR 10 lakh Sum Insured to INR 5 lakh, your Booster+ Sum Insured will be halved. • You can and should regularly increase Sum Insured of your Health insurance policy. Medical inﬂation is a reality and current Sum Insured will fall short in future for advanced treatments. When you enhance your Sum Insured, the accumulated Booster+ Sum Insured will continue and grow even more (remember Booster+ is up to maximum 3/5/10 times (based on the plan you have chosen) of the Base Sum Insured. Higher the Base Sum insured higher the Booster+ Sum Insured ) 4.10. Live Healthy Simply walk and earn up to 30% discount at renewal, by downloading the recommended mobile App and get your Health points. 1000 steps will help you earn one health point! Note: Discount is on the individual’s premium in Individual plan and on Floater Policy Premium in Floater plans. Discount will be considered only for Insured’s 18 years and above. Renewal discount is computed based on the health score on 90 days before the due date of renewal. These points are not lost and will be considered for the next policy year. Policy Period: 1 year Policy Start Date End of 9 months Points at the end of 9 months (A) This will be considered for discount on the ﬁrst renewal. Points in next 3 months (B) Total points considered for discount (A + B) from 2nd Policy Period onwards 1st April 2023 31st December 2023 Upto 1500 1501 –2250 2251 – 3000 3001 – 3750 >=3751 Policy Period: 2 years Policy Start Date End of 21 months Points at the end of 21 months (A) This will be considered for discount on the ﬁrst renewal. Points in next 3 months (B) Total points considered for discount (A + B) from 2nd Policy Period onwards 1st April 2023 31st December 2024 Upto 3000 3001 – 4500 4501 – 6000 6001 – 7500 >=7501 Discount on renewal premium (Renewal policy start date 1st April 2024 NOTE: Discount applicable on the member’s premium in Individual sum insured policies and on the Policy premium in case of Floater Individual sum insured policy and Floater policies with 1 Adult Floater policies with more than 1 Adult 0% 5% 15% 20% 30% 0% 2.5% 7.5% 10% 15% Discount on renewal premium (Renewal policy start date 1st April 2025 NOTE: Discount applicable on the member’s premium in Individual sum insured policies and on the Policy premium in case of Floater Individual sum insured policy and Floater policies with 1 Adult Floater policies with more than 1 Adult 0% 5% 15% 20% 30% 0% 2.5% 7.5% 10% 15% Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Policy Period: 3 years Policy Start Date End of 33 months Points at the end of 33 months (A) This will be considered for discount on the ﬁrst renewal. Points in next 3 months (B) Total points considered for discount (A + B) from 2nd Policy Period onwards 1st April 2023 31st December 2025 Upto 4500 4501 – 6750 6751 – 9000 9001 – 11250 >=11251 Discount on renewal premium (Renewal policy start date 1st April 2026 NOTE: Discount applicable on the member’s premium in Individual sum insured policies and on the Policy premium in case of Floater Individual sum insured policy and Floater policies with 1 Adult Floater policies with more than 1 Adult 0% 5% 15% 20% 30% 0% 2.5% 7.5% 10% 15% 4.11. Shared accommodation Cash Beneﬁt If you opt for a shared room (for which hospitalization claim is paid), we will pay an additional amount for each day’s hospitalization. One day is considered as 24 continuous hours of hospitalization. 4.12. Second Medical Opinion Once in a Policy year, you can choose to take a second medical opinion from any Medical Practitioner for which we have paid a claim under expenses during hospitalization.. Through our partners we can help you get a second opinion from some of the most reputed doctors in the country. 4.13. e-Consultation You can take Unlimited e-consultations from our Partners. Optional Beneﬁt: 4.14. Hospital Cash We will pay for an Insured, an additional ﬁxed amount for each day’s hospitalization for maximum up to 30 days. One day is considered as 24 continuous hours of hospitalization. Note: we will pay if you were hospitalized for 48 hours or more continuously. 4.15 Personal Accident 4.15.1. Accidental Death (AD) In event of unfortunate demise of the insured within 365 days from the date of the Accident, we will pay the Sum Insured. The Personal accident beneﬁt will terminate after the Accidental Death beneﬁt is paid for. 4.15.3. Permanent Total Disability If the Insured Person suffers Permanent Total Disability, within 365 days from the date of the Accident, we will pay the beneﬁt as per the below Table Condition for Permanent Total Disability Complete & Irrecoverable loss of : • Any 2 Limbs • Sight of both eyes • Speech & hearing of both Ears • Combination of One Limb & Sight of One Eye Complete & Irrecoverable loss of : 1 Limb • • Sight of 1 Eye % of Accidental Death Sum Insured 125% 50% a. Complete & Irrecoverable loss of limb means physical separation or complete loss of functionality of the limb, within 365 days from the date of the Accident. This will include Paralysis including Paraplegia, Quadriplegia with loss of functional use of limb. The Personal accident beneﬁt will terminate after the Permanent Total Disability beneﬁt is paid for. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 4.15.3. Permanent Partial Disability a. If the Insured Person suffers a Permanent Partial Disability, within 365 days from the date of the Accident, within the Policy Period, we will pay the beneﬁt as per the below Table Condition for Permanent Partial Disability Each arm at the shoulder joint Each arm to a point above elbow joint Each arm below elbow joint Each hand at the wrist Each Thumb Each Index Finger Each other Finger Each leg above center of the femur Each leg up to a point below the femur Each leg to a point below the knee Each foot at the ankle Each big toe Each other toe Each eye Hearing in each ear Sense of smell Sense of taste % of Accidental Death Sum Insured 70% 65% 50% 50% 20% 10% 5% 70% 65% 50% 40% 5% 2% 50% 30% 10% 5% b. c. If a Permanent Partial Disability loss is not mentioned in the table above, then we will internally assess the degree of disablement and determine the amount of payment to be made. If there is more than one Permanent Partial Disability loss, then the total claim amount put together for all losses will not exceed the total Accidental Death Sum Insured opted. Once Total Sum Insured is paid, the policy will lapse. 4.16. Safeguard 4.15.1. Claim Safeguard: We will cover non-payable items mentioned in ‘List I – Expenses not covered’ of Annexure I’. Clause 2.1.33 for Reasonable and Customary Charges will still apply. 4.15.2. Booster+ Safeguard: Booster+ will not be impacted if the total claim in a policy year is up to INR 50,000 4.15.3. Sum Insured Safeguard: Preserves the value of Sum Insured. Safeguards it against inﬂation. We will increase the Base Sum Insured on cumulative basis at each renewal by the rate of inﬂation in the previous year. Inﬂation rate would be the average consumer price index (CPI) of the entire calendar year published by the Central Statistical Organization (CSO). Note: You will lose all accumulated Sum Insured Safeguard if you opt out of this beneﬁt at any point in time. 4.17. Safeguard+ 4.16.1. Claim Safeguard+: We will cover non-payable items mentioned in ‘List I,II,III,IV of Annexure I’. Clause 2.1.33 for Reasonable and Customary Charges will still apply. 4.16.2. Booster+ Safeguard+: Booster+ will not be impacted if the total claim in a policy year is up to INR 1,00,000. 4.16.3. Sum Insured Safeguard+: Preserves the value of Sum Insured. Safeguards it against inﬂation. We will increase the Base Sum Insured on cumulative basis at each renewal by the rate of inﬂation in the previous year. Inﬂation rate would be the average consumer price index (CPI) of the entire calendar year published by the Central Statistical Organization (CSO). Note: You will lose all accumulated Sum Insured Safeguard+ if you opt out of this beneﬁt at any point in time. Note: You can either choose Safeguard or Safeguard+ at a given point in time. 4.18. Annual Aggregate Deductible This is an aggregate amount in a year that is incurred by you on Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization, Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor, which we will NOT pay. Once the total expense exceeds this amount, balance we will pay. Note: a. Deductible amount borne by you should also be payable as per policy terms and conditions. b. Deductible will NOT apply to Annual Health Check-up, Live Healthy, Second Medical Opinion, Shared Accommodation Cash, e-consultation, Personal Accident, Hospital Daily Cash beneﬁts. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 4.19. Co-payment Co-payment once chosen CAN NOT be reduced. It’s the percentage of admissible claim amount You would have to bear, Rest we will pay. Note: Co-payment will NOT apply to Annual Health Check-up, Live Healthy, Second Medical Opinion, Shared Accommodation Cash, e-consultation, Personal Accident, Hospital Daily Cash beneﬁts. 4.20. Pre-Existing Disease Waiting Time Modiﬁcation You can choose to reduce or completely remove the Pre-Existing Disease waiting time. Once you opt this beneﬁt, it CAN NOT be reduced further. 4.21. Room Type Modiﬁcation You can as per your lifestyle, choose to change the room category we are offering, and opt for what suits you best! You can choose between a Single Private Room and a Sharing Room. Once you have chosen the room type, then this CAN NOT be changed. Irrespective of the Room type you choose, ICU admission will always be paid up to Base Sum Insured. 5. Exclusions 5.1. Standard Exclusions 5.1.1. Pre-existing Diseases (Code–Excl01): a. Expenses related to the treatment of a Pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded until the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the ﬁrst Policy with Us. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the b. c. extent of Sum Insured increase. d. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as deﬁned under the portability norms of the extant IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage. e. Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36 months for any Pre-existing Disease is subject to the same being declared at the time of application and accepted by Us. 5.1.2. Speciﬁed disease/procedure waiting period (Code- Excl02) a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the ﬁrst Policy with us. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an Accident (covered from day 1) or Cancer (covered after 30-day waiting period). In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase. If any of the speciﬁed disease/procedure falls under the waiting period speciﬁed for pre-Existing diseases, then the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply. b. c. f. d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted without a speciﬁc exclusion. e. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as deﬁned under the applicable norms on portability stipulated by IRDAI then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage. List of speciﬁc diseases/procedures: i. Pancreatitis and stones in biliary and urinary system ii. Cataract, glaucoma and retinal detachment iii. Hyperplasia of prostate, hydrocele and spermatocele iv. Prolapse uterus or cervix, endometriosis, Fibroids, Polycystic ovarian disease (PCOD), hysterectomy (unless necessitated by Malignancy) v. Hemorrhoids, ﬁssure, ﬁstula or abscess of anal and rectal region vi. Hernia of any site or type, vii. Osteoarthritis, joint replacement, osteoporosis, systemic connective tissue disorders, inﬂammatory polyarthropathies, Rheumatoid viii. Varicose veins of lower extremities ix. All internal or external benign neoplasms/ tumours, cyst, sinus, polyps, nodules, mass or lump x. Ulcer, erosion or varices of gastro intestinal tract xi. Surgical treatment for diseases of middle ear and mastoid (including otitis media, cholesteatoma, perforation of tympanic membrane), Tonsils and adenoids, nasal septum and nasal sinuses 5.1.3. 30-day waiting period (Code- Excl03): a. Expenses related to the treatment of any Illness within 30 days from the ﬁrst Policy commencement date shall be excluded except claims arising due to an Accident, provided the same are covered. b. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured Person has continuous coverage for more than twelve months c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting higher Sum Insured subsequently. 5.1.4. Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04) a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded. b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 5.1.5. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Code-Excl05) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes: a. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons. b. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs. 5.1.6. Obesity/ Weight Control (Code-Excl06) Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulﬁl all the below conditions: a. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor. b. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols. c. d. Body Mass Index (BMI); The member has to be 18 years of age or older and; i. greater than or equal to 40 or ii. greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of less invasive methods of weight loss: 1. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy 2. Coronary heart disease 3. Severe Sleep Apnea 4. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes 5.1.7. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Code-Excl08) Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certiﬁed by the attending Medical Practitioner. 5.1.8. Hazardous or Adventure sports (Code-Excl09) 5.1.9. Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving. Breach of law (Code-Excl10) Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent. 5.1.10. Excluded Providers (Code-Excl11) Expenses incurred towards treatment in any Hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider speciﬁcally excluded by Us and disclosed in Our website / notiﬁed to the Policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of life threatening situations or following an Accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim. The complete list of excluded providers can be referred to on our website. Treatment for, alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof. (Code-Excl12) Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons. (Code-Excl13) 5.1.11. 5.1.12. 5.1.13. Refractive Error (Code-Excl15) Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres. Note: Less than 7.5 Diopter means a power of eye either >7.5 Dioptre for Hypermetropia or far sightedness (say +7.75 Dioptre) or < 7.5 Dioptre for Myopia or near sightedness (say -7.75 Dioptre). 5.1.14. Unproven Treatments (Code-Excl16) Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack signiﬁcant medical documentation to support their effectiveness. 5.1.15. Sterility and Infertility (Code-Excl17) Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes: a. Any type of contraception, sterilization b. Assisted Reproduction services including artiﬁcial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI c. Gestational Surrogacy d. Reversal of sterilization 5.1.16. Maternity Expenses (Code-Excl18) a. Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during Hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy; b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an Accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the Policy Period. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 5.2. Speciﬁc Exclusions 5.2.1. Personal Waiting Period Conditions speciﬁed for an Insured Person under Personal Waiting Period will be subject to a Waiting Period of up to 48 months from the inception of the First Policy with Us. 5.2.2. Conﬂict & Disaster: Treatment for any Injury or Illness resulting directly or indirectly from nuclear, radiological emissions, war or war like situations (whether war is declared or not), rebellion (act of armed resistance to an established government or leader), acts of terrorism. 5.2.3. External Congenital Anomaly: Screening, counseling or treatment related to external Congenital Anomaly. 5.2.4. Dental treatment: All dental treatments other than due to accidents and cancers. 5.2.5. Unrecognized Physician or Hospital: a. Treatment or Medical Advice provided by a Medical Practitioner not recognized by the Medical Council of India or by Central Council of Indian Medicine or by Central council of Homeopathy. b. Treatment provided by anyone with the same residence as an Insured Person or who is a member of the Insured Person’s immediate family or relatives. c. Treatment provided by Hospital or health facility that is not recognized by the relevant authorities in India. 5.2.6. Costs which are not Reasonable and Customary and treatments which are not Medically Necessary. Refer Deﬁnition 2.1.33 for Reasonable and Customary Charges. 5.2.7. Artiﬁcial life maintenance for the Insured Person who has been declared brain dead or in vegetative state Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Simplified for you Free look is a 15 / 30 days period during which you can return back your policy, if you don’t like what you have purchased. 6. General Terms and Clauses 6.1. Standard General Terms and Clauses 6.1.1. Free Look Period The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on renewals or at the time of porting/migrating the policy. The insured person shall be allowed free look period of fifteen days (thirty days for policies with a term of 3 years, if sold through distance marketing) from date of receipt of the policy document to review the terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable. lf the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to: i. refund of the premium paid, less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the insured person. 6.1.2. Cancellation i. The policyholder may cancel this policy by giving 15 days' written notice and in such an event, the Company shall refund premium for the unexpired policy period as detailed below. Simplified for you You can cancel your policy whenever you wish. Note: We will NOT refund any premium if we have paid a claim. We will refund part of the premium depending on how many days your policy has been running for, if there is no claim. Notwithstanding anything contained herein or otherwise, no refunds of premium shall be made in respect of Cancellation where, any claim has been admitted or has been lodged or any benefit has been availed by the insured person under the policy. The below grid shall be applicable for ‘Yearly / Annual/One Time’ premium payment frequency. 1 year Tenure 2 years Tenure 3 years Tenure Policy inforce up to Up to 30 days 31 to 90 days 91 to 180 days exceeding 180 days Refund Premium (%) 75% 50% 25% 0% Policy inforce up to Up to 30 days 31 to 90 days 91 to 180 days 181 to 365 days 366 to 455 days 456 to 545 days Exceeding 545 days Refund Premium (%) 87.5% 75% 62.5% 50% 25% 12% 0% Policy inforce up to Up to 30 days 31 to 90 days 91 to 180 days 181 to 365 days 366 to 455 days 456 to 545 days 545 to 720 days Exceeding 720 days Refund Premium (%) 90% 87.5% 75% 60% 50% 25% 12% 0% Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 No refund is applicable for Half Yearly, Quarterly & Monthly premium frequencies. In case of death of an Insured, pro-rate refund of the premium for the deceased insured will be refunded, provided there is no history of claim. ii. The Company may cancel the policy at any time on grounds of misrepresentation non-disclosure of material facts, fraud by the insured person by giving 15 days' written notice. There would be no refund of premium on cancellation on grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts or fraud. 6.1.3. Renewal of Policy The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of fraud, misrepresentation by the insured person. i. The Company shall endeavor to give notice for renewal. However, the Company is not under obligation to give any notice for renewal. ii. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured person had made a claim or claims in the preceding policy years. iii. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company before the end of the policy period. Simplified for you If we ever cancel your policy, it will be for Fraud or Non disclosure only. Insurance contract is a legal contract too and it’s based on trust. iv. At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30 days (15 days in case of other than single premium policies) to maintain continuity of benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not available during the grace period. v. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience. Fraud is an action by you or anyone acting on your behalf where you receive benefits, financial or otherwise, for which you are either not eligible at all or not to the extent under the policy. 6.1.4. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy Including the Premium Rates The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the Policy including the premium rates. The Insured Person shall be notified three months before the changes are effected. Pay your renewal premium before end of policy period to maintain continuity of benefits. A grace period is also available to pay the premium after policy expiry. 6.1.5. Nomination The policyholder is required at the inception of the policy to make a nomination for the purpose of payment of claims under the policy in the event of death of the policyholder. Any change of nomination shall be communicated to the company in writing and such change shall be effective only when an endorsement on the policy is made. ln the event of death of the policyholder, the Company will pay the nominee {as named in the Policy Schedule/ Policy Certificate/Endorsement (if any)} and in case there is no subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal representatives of the policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability under the policy. 6.1.6. Fraud lf any claim made by the insured person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, or declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are used by the insured person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit under this policy, all benefits under this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited. Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which are found fraudulent later shall be repaid by all recipient(s)/policyholder(s), who has made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and severally liable for such repayment to the insurer. For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts committed by the insured person or by his agent or the hospital/doctor/any other party acting on behalf of the insured person, with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer to issue an insurance policy: a) the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and Note: You are NOT insured during the grace period. Simplified for you • for We will cancel your policy, will not pay any claim, will not refund any premium paid and have right to take all possible legal action recovery of including against you if paid benefits earlier, You withheld any information from us, whole or part that would have invited any decision other than a ‘standard acceptance’ insurance. of Note: Non standard decisions are: ° Loading – We ask for additional premium ° Exclusions – We apply a additional waiting period for health conditions or treatments ° Rejection – We hate to do this. But sometimes are compelled to say no to a customer application your for Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 IMPORTANT: We understand you may not know how important is the information on your health and it’s impact on your policy. Hence it’s very important that you disclose information and we would all health it decide how ‘material’) it is. • Cause fraud of any kind important (we call which the insured person does not believe to be true; b) the active concealment of a fact by the insured person having knowledge or belief of the fact; c) any other act fitted to deceive; and d) any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy benefits on the ground of Fraud, if the insured person / beneficiary can prove that the misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such misstatement of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the insurer. 6.1.7. Withdrawal of Policy i. ii. ln the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the insured person about the same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy. lnsured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the Company at the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the policy has been maintained without a break. 6.1.8. Redressal of Grievance: ln case of any grievance the insured person may contact the company through: Website: www.nivabupa.com Toll- Free: 1860-500-8888 E-mail: customercare@nivabupa.com (Senior citizens may write to us at: seniorcitizensupport@nivabupa.com) 011-41743397 Customer Services Department Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited D-5, 2nd Floor, Logix Infotech Park opp. Metro Station, Sector 59, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, 201301 Fax : Courier: lnsured person may also approach the grievance cell at any of the company's branches with the details of grievance. If lnsured person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through one of the above methods, insured person may contact the grievance officer at: Head – Customer Services Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited D-5, 2nd Floor, Logix Infotech Park opp. Metro Station, Sector 59, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, 201301 Contact No: 1860-500-8888 Fax No.: 011-41743397 Email ID: customercare@nivabupa.com For updated details of grievance officer, kindly refer the link https://www.nivabupa.com/ customer-care/health-services/grievance-redressal.aspx If the Insured person is not satisfied with the above, they can escalate to GRO@nivabupa. com. lf lnsured person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through above methods, the insured person may also approach the office of lnsurance Ombudsman of the respective area/region for redressal of grievance as per lnsurance Ombudsman Rules 2017 (at the addresses given in Annexure II). Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI lntegrated Grievance Management System - https:// igms. irda.qov. in/ 6.1.9. Claim settlement (Provision for Penal interest) Simplified for you i. The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may be, within 30 days from the ii. date of receipt of last necessary document. ln the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the policyholder from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the We will provide our decision on claim within 30 days (45 days for investigated cases) from submission of all necessary claim documents. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 date of payment of claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate. iii. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of the Company, it shall initiate and complete such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document- ln such cases, the Company shall settle or reject the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document. ln case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the policyholder at a rate 2% above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment of claim. (Explanation: "Bank rate" shall mean the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of lndia (RBl) at the beginning of the financial year in which claim has fallen due) iv. 6.1.10. Moratorium Period After completion of eight continuous years under the Policy no look back to be applied. This period of eight years is called as moratorium period. The moratorium would be applicable for the sums insured of the first Policy and subsequently completion of 8 continuous years would be applicable from date of enhancement of sums insured only on the enhanced limits. After the expiry of Moratorium Period no health insurance claim shall be contestable except for proven fraud and permanent exclusions specified in the Policy contract. The policies would however be subject to all limits, sub limits, co-payments, deductibles as per the Policy contract. 6.1.11. Multiple Policies i. ii. iii. ln case of multiple policies taken by an insured person during a period from one or more insurers to indemnify treatment costs, the insured person shall have the right to require a settlement of his/her claim in terms of any of his/her policies. ln all such cases the insurer chosen by the insured person shall be obliged to settle the claim as long as the claim is within the limits of and according to the terms of the chosen policy. lnsured person having multiple policies shall also have the right to prefer claims under this policy for the amounts disallowed under any other policy / policies even if the Sum Insured is not exhausted. Then the insurer shall independently settle the claim subject to the terms and conditions of this policy. lf the amount to be claimed exceeds the Sum Insured under a single policy, the insured person shall have the right to choose insurer from whom he/she wants to claim the balance amount. iv. Where an insured person has policies from more than one insurer to cover the same risk on indemnity basis, the insured person shall only be indemnified the treatment costs in accordance with the terms and conditions of the chosen policy. For any delay in payment of claim, we will pay interest on the claim amount at a rate 2% above bank rate. Simplified for you After 8 years, no health insurance claim shall be contestable except for proven fraud and permanent exclusions. Simplified for you In case you have multiple policies, you can choose the policy from which you want to claim first. If claim amount exceeds the Sum Insured of first policy you claim from; then you can claim the balance amount from the second policy. 6.1.12. Migration The Insured Person will have the option to migrate the Policy to other health insurance products / plans offered by the Company policy by applying for migration of the policy at least 30 days before the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines on Migration. If such person is presently covered and has been continuously covered without any lapses under any health insurance product / plan offered by the Company, the insured person will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on migration. Simplified for you You can shift your policy to any other health insurance product / plan offered by us as per migration guidelines. For Detailed Guidelines on migration, kindly refer the link https://www.irdai.gov.in/ ADMINCMS/cms/whatsNew_Layout.aspx?page=PageNo3987&flag=1 6.1.13. Portability The Insured Person will have the option to port the Policy to other insurers by applying to such insurer to port the entire Policy along with all the members of the family, if any, at least 45 days before, but not earlier than 60 days from the policy renewal date as per IRDAI guidelines related to portability. If such person is presently covered and has been Simplified for you You can also shift your policy to any other portability as guidelines. insurer per Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 continuously covered without any lapses under any health insurance policy with an Indian General / Health insurer, the proposed insured person will get the accrued continuity benefits in waiting periods as per IRDAI guidelines on portability. For Detailed Guidelines on portability, kindly refer the link https://www.irdai.gov.in/ ADMINCMS/cms/whatsNew_Layout.aspx?page=PageNo3987&flag=1 6.1.14. Disclosure of Information The Policy shall be void and all premium paid thereon shall be forfeited to the Company in the event of misrepresentation, mis-description or non-disclosure of any material fact by the policyholder. (Explanation: “Material facts” for the purpose of this policy shall mean all relevant information sought by the company in the proposal form and other connected documents to enable it to take informed decision in the context of underwriting the risk) 6.1.15. Condition Precedent to Admission of Liability The terms and conditions of the policy must be fulfilled by the insured person for the Company to make any payment for claim(s) arising under the policy. 6.1.16. Complete Discharge Any payment to the policyholder, insured person or his/ her nominees or his/ her legal representative or assignee or to the Hospital, as the case may be, for any benefit under the policy shall be a valid discharge towards payment of claim by the Company to the extent of that amount for the particular claim. 6.1.17. Premium Payment in Instalments lf the insured person has opted for Payment of Premium on an instalment basis i.e. Half Yearly, Quarterly or Monthly, as mentioned in the policy Schedule/Certificate of insurance, the following Conditions shall apply (notwithstanding any terms contrary elsewhere in the policy) i. Grace Period of 30 days in case of single premium policies, and a period of 15 days in case of other than single premium policies, would be given to pay the instalment premium due for the policy. ii. During such grace period, coverage will not be available from the due date of instalment iii. premium till the date of receipt of premium by Company. The insured person will get the accrued continuity benefit in respect of the "Waiting Periods", "Specific Waiting Periods" in the event of payment of premium within the stipulated grace Period. iv. No interest will be charged lf the instalment premium is not paid on due date v. ln case of instalment premium due not received within the grace period, the policy will get canceled. ln the event of a claim, all subsequent premium instalments shall immediately become due and payable. vi. 6.2. Specific Terms and Clauses 6.2.1. Automatic Cancellation: The Policy shall automatically terminate in the event of death of the all Insured Person(s). A refund in accordance with the table in Section 6.1.2 shall be payable provided that no claim has been admitted or lodged or not benefit has been availed by the insured person under the policy. 6.2.2. Additional premium (Risk Loading) i. We may ask for additional premium after due risk evaluation (it’s what referred to as Underwriting) based on all information provided by you. We will issue policy to you only Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 after you pay us the additional premium and provide us consent. ii. We will never ask for more than 100% for any particular health condition and never more than 150% for any individual. iii. Once applied, Risk loading continues even for all renewals. However, we offer discounts up to 30% under LiveHealthy+ for maintenance and improvement in health 6.2.3. Other Renewal Conditions: a. Renewal Premium: Renewal premium will alter based on Age. For Floater plan, the age of eldest insured person will be considered for calculating the premium. b. Addition of Insured Persons on Renewal: If a new member is added in the Policy, either by way of endorsement or at the time of Renewal, the Pre-existing Disease clause, exclusions, loading (if any) and Waiting Periods will be applicable afresh for that member. c. Changes to Sum Insured on Renewal: You may opt for enhancement of Sum Insured at the time of Renewal, subject to underwriting. All Waiting Periods as defined in the Policy shall apply afresh for this enhanced limit from the effective date of such enhancement. 6.2.4. Claims a. Cashless claim facility is available at our network hospitals ONLY. As list of network hospitals is dynamic, for the latest list, refer to our website www.nivabupa.com. b. Documents required with claim form: Hospital / Medical records: • Original Discharge summary with first and subsequent consultation papers. • Original Final Hospital bill with detailed break-up and payment receipt (including pharmacy bills). • Laboratory investigation reports with supporting prescriptions. • MLC/First Information Report (FIR) (in accident cases). Policyholder documents (Nominee in case of death of Policyholder): • KYC documents • Cancelled cheque IMPORTANT: • All documents MUST be submitted within 30 days from discharge. • For any delay in submission, You MUST provide the reasons in writing. We will condone such delay on merits (i.e. reasons beyond your control). • You MUST submit all claim related documents for expenses within the Deductible amount (if applicable). • We reserve the right to check and investigate the hospital / medical records from any doctor, Hospital, clinic, individual or institution. c. The expenses that are not covered or subsumed into room charges / procedure charges d. / costs of treatment are placed as Annexure I. If you opt for a Hospital room which is higher than the eligible room category as specified in your Policy Schedule, then We will pay only a pro-rated portion of the total Associated Medical Expenses (including surcharge or taxes thereon) as per the following formula: (Eligible Room Rent limit / Room Rent actually incurred) * total Associated Medical Expenses Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Associated Medical Expenses shall include Room Rent, nursing charges, Medical Practitioners’ fees and operation theatre charges. e. For any hospitalization, we will pay for items included in the bill by the Hospital during the duration of hospitalization. Items not included in the bill will not be paid. 6.2.5. Policy Disputes Any dispute concerning the interpretation of the terms, conditions, limitations and/or exclusions contained herein shall be governed by Indian law and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Indian Courts. 6.2.6. Territorial Jurisdiction All claims shall be payable in India in Indian Rupees only. 6.2.7. Alteration to the Policy This Policy constitutes the complete contract of insurance. Any change in the Policy will only be evidenced by a written endorsement signed and stamped by Us. No one except Us can within the permission of the IRDAI change or vary this Policy. 6.2.8. Zonal pricing For the purpose of calculating premium, the country has been divided into the following 2 zones: i. Zone 1: Delhi NCR, Mumbai (including Navi Mumbai and Thane), Kolkata and Gujarat State. Delhi NCR includes Delhi, Baghpat, Bulandshahr, Gautam Buddh Nagar, Ghaziabad, Hapur, Meerut, Muzaffarnagar, Shamli, Charkhi Dadri, Faridabad, Gurugram, Jhajjar, Jind, Karnal, Mahendragarh, Nuh, Palwal, Panipat, Rewari, Rohtak and Sonipat ii. Zone 2: Rest of India Your premium depends upon your residential city. Please inform us immediately in case of change in your city. 6.2.9. Assignment The Policy can be assigned subject to applicable laws. Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited Registered office:- C-98, First Floor, Lajpat Nagar, Part 1, New Delhi-110024 Disclaimer: Insurance is a subject matter of solicitation. Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited (formerly known as Max Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited) (IRDAI Registration No. 145). ‘Bupa’ and ‘HEARTBEAT’ logo are registered trademarks of their respective owners and are being used by Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited under license. Customer Helpline: 1860-500-8888, Fax No.: +91 11 41743397. Website: www.nivabupa.com. CIN: U66000DL2008PLC182918. For more details on terms and conditions, exclusions, risk factors, waiting period & benefits, please read sales brochure carefully before concluding a sale. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Annexure I - The expenses that are not covered or subsumed into room charges / procedure charges / costs of treatment Sl. No. Item Sl. No. Item Sl. No. Item List I – Expenses not covered 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 BABY FOOD BABY UTILITIES CHARGES BEAUTY SERVICES BELTS/ BRACES BUDS COLD PACK/HOT PACK CARRY BAGS EMAIL / INTERNET CHARGES FOOD CHARGES (OTHER THAN PATIENT's DIET PROVIDED BY HOSPITAL) LEGGINGS LAUNDRY CHARGES MINERAL WATER SANITARY PAD TELEPHONE CHARGES GUEST SERVICES CREPE BANDAGE DIAPER OF ANY TYPE EYELET COLLAR SLINGS BLOOD GROUPING AND CROSS MATCHING OF DONORS SAMPLES SERVICE CHARGES WHERE NURSING CHARGE ALSO CHARGED TELEVISION CHARGES SURCHARGES 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 ATTENDANT CHARGES EXTRA DIET OF PATIENT (OTHER THAN THAT WHICH FORMS PART OF BED CHARGE) BIRTH CERTIFICATE CERTIFICATE CHARGES COURIER CHARGES CONVEYANCE CHARGES MEDICAL CERTIFICATE MEDICAL RECORDS 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 LUMBO SACRAL BELT NIMBUS BED OR WATER OR AIR BED CHARGES AMBULANCE COLLAR AMBULANCE EQUIPMENT ABDOMINAL BINDER PRIVATE NURSES CHARGES- SPECIAL NURSING CHARGES SUGAR FREE Tablets CREAMS POWDERS LOTIONS (Toiletries are not payable, only prescribed medical pharmaceuticals payable) 32 PHOTOCOPIES CHARGES 55 ECG ELECTRODES 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 MORTUARY CHARGES WALKING AIDS CHARGES OXYGEN CYLINDER (FOR USAGE OUTSIDE THE HOSPITAL) SPACER SPIROMETRE NEBULIZER KIT STEAM INHALER ARMSLING THERMOMETER CERVICAL COLLAR SPLINT DIABETIC FOOT WEAR KNEE BRACES (LONG/ SHORT/ HINGED) KNEE IMMOBILIZER/ SHOULDER IMMOBILIZER 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 GLOVES NEBULISATION KIT ANY KIT WITH NO DETAILS MENTIONED [DELIVERY KIT, ORTHOKIT, RECOVERY KIT, ETC] KIDNEY TRAY MASK OUNCE GLASS OXYGEN MASK PELVIC TRACTION BELT PAN CAN TROLLY COVER UROMETER, URINE JUG AMBULANCE VASOFIX SAFETY Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Sl. No. Item Sl. No. Item Sl. No. Item List II – Items that are to be subsumed into Room Charges 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 BABY CHARGES (UNLESS SPECIFIED/ INDICATED) HAND WASH SHOE COVER CAPS CRADLE CHARGES COMB 14 15 16 17 18 19 BED PAN FACE MASK FLEXI MASK HAND HOLDER SPUTUM CUP DISINFECTANT LOTIONS EAU-DE-COLOGNE / ROOM FRESHNERS 20 LUXURY TAX FOOT COVER GOWN SLIPPERS TISSUE PAPER TOOTH PASTE TOOTH BRUSH 21 22 23 24 25 26 HVAC HOUSE KEEPING CHARGES AIR CONDITIONER CHARGES IM IV INJECTION CHARGES CLEAN SHEET BLANKET/WARMER BLANKET 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 ADMISSION KIT DIABETIC CHART CHARGES DOCUMENTATION CHARGES / ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES DISCHARGE PROCEDURE CHARGES DAILY CHART CHARGES ENTRANCE PASS / VISITORS PASS CHARGES EXPENSES RELATED TO PRESCRIPTION ON DISCHARGE FILE OPENING CHARGES INCIDENTAL EXPENSES / MISC. CHARGES (NOT EXPLAINED) PATIENT IDENTIFICATION BAND / NAME TAG PULSEOXYMETER CHARGES Sl. No. Item Sl. No. Item Sl. No. Item List III – Items that are to be subsumed into Procedure Charges 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 HAIR REMOVAL CREAM DISPOSABLES RAZORS CHARGES (for site preparations) EYE PAD EYE SHEILD CAMERA COVER DVD, CD CHARGES GAUSE SOFT GAUZE 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 WARD AND THEATRE BOOKING CHARGES ARTHROSCOPY AND ENDOSCOPY INSTRUMENTS MICROSCOPE COVER SURGICAL BLADES, HARMONICSCALPEL,SHAVER SURGICAL DRILL EYE KIT EYE DRAPE X-RAY FILM 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 BOYLES APPARATUS CHARGES COTTON COTTON BANDAGE SURGICAL TAPE APRON TORNIQUET ORTHOBUNDLE, GYNAEC BUNDLE Sl. No. Item Sl. No. Item Sl. No. Item List IV – Items that are to be subsumed into costs of treatment 1 2 3 4 5 6 ADMISSION/REGISTRATION CHARGES HOSPITALISATION FOR EVALUATION/ DIAGNOSTIC PURPOSE URINE CONTAINER BLOOD RESERVATION CHARGES AND ANTE NATAL BOOKING CHARGES BIPAP MACHINE CPAP/ CAPD EQUIPMENTS 7 8 9 INFUSION PUMP– COST HYDROGEN PEROXIDE\ SPIRIT\ DISINFECTANTS ETC NUTRITION PLANNING CHARGES - DIETICIAN CHARGES- DIET CHARGES 13 14 MOUTH PAINT VACCINATION CHARGES 15 ALCOHOL SWABES 10 HIV KIT 16 SCRUB SOLUTION/STERILLIUM 11 12 ANTISEPTIC MOUTHWASH LOZENGES 17 18 GLUCOMETER & STRIPS URINE BAG Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Annexure II - List of Insurance Ombudsmen Jurisdiction Gujarat, Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Daman and Diu Karnataka Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh Odisha Punjab, Haryana (excluding Gurugram, Faridabad, Sonepat and Bahadurgarh), Himachal Pradesh, Union Territories of Jammu & Kashmir,Ladakh & Chandigarh Tamil Nadu, PuducherryTown and Karaikal (which are part of Puducherry) Office Details AHMEDABAD Shri Kuldip Singh Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Prakash Building, 6th floor, Tilak Marg, Relief Road, AHMEDABAD – 380 001. Tel.: 079 - 25501201/02/05/06 Email: bimalokpal.ahmedabad@cioins.co.in BENGALURU Mr Vipin Anand Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Soudha Building,PID No. 57-27-N-19 Ground Floor, 19/19, 24th Main Road, JP Nagar, Ist Phase, Bengaluru – 560 078. Tel.: 080 - 26652048 / 26652049 Email: bimalokpal.bengaluru@cioins.co.in BHOPAL Shri R. M. Singh Insurance Ombudsman Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Janak Vihar Complex, 2nd Floor, 6, Malviya Nagar, Opp. Airtel Office, Near New Market, Bhopal – 462 003. Tel.: 0755 - 2769201 / 2769202 Email: bimalokpal.bhopal@cioins.co.in BHUBANESWAR Shri Suresh Chandra Panda Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 62, Forest park, Bhubaneswar – 751 009. Tel.: 0674 - 2596461 /2596455 Email: bimalokpal.bhubaneswar@cioins.co.in CHANDIGARH Mr Atul Jerath Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, S.C.O. No. 101, 102 & 103, 2nd Floor, Batra Building, Sector 17 – D, Chandigarh – 160 017. Tel.: 0172 - 2706196 / 2706468 Email: bimalokpal.chandigarh@cioins.co.in CHENNAI Shri Segar Sampathkumar Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Fatima Akhtar Court, 4th Floor, 453, Anna Salai, Teynampet, CHENNAI – 600 018. Tel.: 044 - 24333668 / 24335284 Email: bimalokpal.chennai@cioins.co.in Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Office Details DELHI Shri Sudhir Krishna Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 2/2 A, Universal Insurance Building, Asaf Ali Road, New Delhi – 110 002. Tel.: 011 - 23232481/23213504 Email: bimalokpal.delhi@cioins.co.in GUWAHATI Shri Somnath Ghosh Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Nivesh, 5th Floor, Nr. Panbazar over bridge, S.S. Road, Guwahati – 781001(ASSAM). Tel.: 0361 - 2632204 / 2602205 Email: bimalokpal.guwahati@cioins.co.in HYDERABAD Shri N. Sankaran Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 6-2-46, 1st floor, “Moin Court”, Lane Opp. Saleem Function Palace, A. C. Guards, Lakdi-Ka-Pool, Hyderabad - 500 004. Tel.: 040 - 23312122 Email: bimalokpal.hyderabad@cioins.co.in JAIPUR Shri Rajiv Dutt Sharma Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Nidhi – II Bldg., Gr. Floor, Bhawani Singh Marg, Jaipur - 302 005. Tel.: 0141 - 2740363 Email: bimalokpal.jaipur@cioins.co.in ERNAKULAM Shri G. Radhakrishnan Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 2nd Floor, Pulinat Bldg., Opp. Cochin Shipyard, M. G. Road, Ernakulam - 682 015. Tel.: 0484 - 2358759 / 2359338 Email: bimalokpal.ernakulam@cioins.co.in KOLKATA Shri P. K. Rath Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Hindustan Bldg. Annexe, 4th Floor, 4, C.R. Avenue, KOLKATA - 700 072. Tel.: 033 - 22124339 / 22124340 Email: bimalokpal.kolkata@cioins.co.in Jurisdiction Delhi & following Districts of Haryana - Gurugram, Faridabad, Sonepat & Bahadurgarh Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Tripura Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Yanam and part of Union Territory of Puducherry Rajasthan Kerala, Lakshadweep, Mahe-a part of Union Territory of Puducherry West Bengal, Sikkim, Andaman & Nicobar Islands Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Office Details LUCKNOW Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 6th Floor, Jeevan Bhawan, Phase-II, Nawal Kishore Road, Hazratganj, Lucknow - 226 001. Tel.: 0522 - 2231330 / 2231331 Email: bimalokpal.lucknow@cioins.co.in MUMBAI Shri Bharatkumar S. Pandya Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe, S. V. Road, Santacruz (W), Mumbai - 400 054. Tel.: 69038821/23/24/25/26/27/28/28/29/30/31 Email: bimalokpal.mumbai@cioins.co.in NOIDA Shri Chandra Shekhar Prasad Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Bhagwan Sahai Palace 4th Floor, Main Road, Naya Bans, Sector 15, Distt: Gautam Buddh Nagar, U.P-201301. Tel.: 0120-2514252 / 2514253 Email: bimalokpal.noida@cioins.co.in PATNA Shri N. K. Singh Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, 2nd Floor, Lalit Bhawan, Bailey Road, Patna 800 001. Tel.: 0612-2547068 Email: bimalokpal.patna@cioins.co.in PUNE Shri Vinay Sah Office of the Insurance Ombudsman, Jeevan Darshan Bldg., 3rd Floor, C.T.S. No.s. 195 to 198, N.C. Kelkar Road, Narayan Peth, Pune – 411 030. Tel.: 020-41312555 Email: bimalokpal.pune@cioins.co.in Council for Insurance Ombudsmen 3rd Floor, Jeevan Seva Annexe, S. V. Road, Santacruz (W), Mumbai - 400 054 Tel.: 022 -69038800/69038812| Email: inscoun@cioins.co.in Jurisdiction Districts of Uttar Pradesh : Lalitpur, Jhansi, Mahoba, Hamirpur, Banda, Chitrakoot, Allahabad, Mirzapur, Sonbhabdra, Fatehpur, Pratapgarh, Jaunpur,Varanasi, Gazipur, Jalaun, Kanpur, Lucknow, Unnao, Sitapur, Lakhimpur, Bahraich, Barabanki, Raebareli, Sravasti, Gonda, Faizabad, Amethi, Kaushambi, Balrampur, Basti, Ambedkarnagar, Sultanpur, Maharajgang, Santkabirnagar, Azamgarh, Kushinagar, Gorkhpur, Deoria, Mau, Ghazipur, Chandauli, Ballia, Sidharathnagar Goa, Mumbai Metropolitan Region (excluding Navi Mumbai & Thane) State of Uttarakhand and the following Districts of Uttar Pradesh: Agra, Aligarh, Bagpat, Bareilly, Bijnor, Budaun, Bulandshehar, Etah, Kannauj, Mainpuri, Mathura, Meerut, Moradabad, Muzaffarnagar, Oraiyya, Pilibhit, Etawah, Farrukhabad, Firozbad, Gautam Buddh nagar, Ghaziabad, Hardoi, Shahjahanpur, Hapur, Shamli, Rampur, Kashganj, Sambhal, Amroha, Hathras, Kanshiramnagar, Saharanpur Bihar, Jharkhand Maharashtra, Areas of Navi Mumbai and Thane (excluding Mumbai Metropolitan Region) Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223