for claims made arising from one specific cause, which are made later than 3 years after the first claim of the series. 7.2 COMPULSORY EXCESS The Insured shall bear as Compulsory Excess the amount or percentage of the limit of indemnity per any one accident so stipulated in the Schedule attached to the policy. This compulsory excess shall be applicable to both (a) death/ bodily injury and (b) property damage, inclusive of defence costs arising out of any one accident. The company’s liability shall attach for the claim in excess of such Compulsory Excess (and Voluntary Excess, if any, opted by the Insured). 7.3 VOLUNTARY EXCESS In the event of the Insured opting shall be subject to voluntary excess shall be applicable to both (a) death/ bodily injury claims and (b) property damage claims inclusive of defence costs arising out of any one accident. The company’s liability shall attach for the claims in excess of such compulsory and voluntary excess. 8. EXCLUSIONS This policy does not cover liability 8.1 Assumed by the Insured by agreement and which would not have attached in the absence of such agreement. 8.2 Arising out of earthquake, earth-tremor, volcanic eruption, flood, storm, tempest, typhoon, hurricane, tornado, cyclone or other similar convulsions of nature and atmospheric disturbance. 8.3 Arising out of deliberate, willful or intentional non-compliance of any statutory provision. 8.4 Arising out of loss of pure financial nature such as loss of goodwill, loss of market etc. 8.5 (a) Arising out of all personal injuries such as false arrest, wrongful eviction, wrongful detention, defamation etc. and mental injury, anguish, or shock resulting therefrom; (b) Infringement of plans, copyright, patent, trade name, trademark, registered design; 8.6 Arising out of fines, penalties, punitive or exemplary damages or any other damages resulting from the multiplication of compensatory damages. 8.7 Directly or indirectly occasioned by, happening through or in consequence of terrorism, war, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection or military or usurped power. Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Ltd. Reg office: 2nd Floor, "Dare House", No.2, NSC Bose Road, Chennai - 600001, India. IRDAI Registration Number: 123| CIN: 66030TN2001PLC047977| Toll Free Number: 1800 208 9100| SMS Chola to 56677| Customercare@cholams.murugappa.com|www.cholainsurance.com. Public Liability Insurance Policy For Industrial And Storage Risks UIN No. IRDAN123RP0045V01200203 8.8 Directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by (c) Ionizing radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel; (d) The radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component thereof; This policy does not cover liability for claims arising out of; 8.9 The ownership possession or use by or on behalf of the Insured of any motor vehicle or trailer for which compulsory insurance is required by legislation other than the following; (a) Claims caused by the use of any tool or plant forming part of or attached to or used in connection with any motor vehicle or trailer; (b) Claims arising beyond the limits of any carriageway or thoroughfare caused by the loading or unloading of any motor vehicle or trailer; (c) Claims for damage to any bridge, weighbridge, road or anything beneath caused by the weight of any motor vehicle or trailer or of the load carried therein; (d) Claims arising out of any motor vehicle or trailer temporarily in the Insured’s custody or control for the purpose of parking. 8.10 Transportation of materials and/or hazardous/dangerous substances outside Insured’s premises unless specifically covered. 8.11 The ownership possession or use by or on behalf of the Insured of any aircraft, watercraft or hovercraft. 8.12 Damage to property owned leased or hired or under hire-purchase or on loan to the Insured or otherwise in the Insured’s care custody or control other than the (a) Premises (or the contents thereof) temporarily occupied by the Insured for work thereon or other property temporarily in the Insured’s possession for work thereon (but no indemnity is granted for damage to that part of the property on which the Insured is working and which arises out of such work). (b) Employees and visitors clothing and personal effects. (c) Premises tenanted by the Insured to the extent that the Insured would be held legally liable in the absence of any specific agreement. 8.13 Injury and/ or damage occurring prior to the Retroactive Date in the Schedule. Provided always that in the event of any injury or damage arising from continuous or continual inhalation, ingestion or application of any substance following the covered accident and where the Insured and Company cannot agree when the injury or damage occurred, then (a) Injury shall be deemed to have occurred when the claimant first consulted a qualified medical practitioner in respect of such injury; (b) Damage shall be deemed to have occurred when it first became evident to the claimant even if the cause was unknown. The deliberate, conscious or intentional disregard of the Insured’s technical or administrative management of the need to take all reasonable steps to prevent claims. Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Ltd. Reg office: 2nd Floor, "Dare House", No.2, NSC Bose Road, Chennai - 600001, India. IRDAI Registration Number: 123| CIN: 66030TN2001PLC047977| Toll Free Number: 1800 208 9100| SMS Chola to 56677| Customercare@cholams.murugappa.com|www.cholainsurance.com. Public Liability Insurance Policy For Industrial And Storage Risks UIN No. IRDAN123RP0045V01200203 8.14 Injury to any person under the contract of employment or apprenticeship with the Insured their contractor(s) and/or Sub-Contractor(s) when such injury arises out of the execution of such contract. 8.15 Liability more specifically insured elsewhere. 8.16 Liability arising under any statute based on the doctrine of No-Fault Liability or under the Public Liability Insurance Act 1991, other than as provided in