of this Policy as though they were the Insured. 5. CROSS LIABILITIES: Each person or party indemnified is separately indemnified in respect of claims made against any of them by any other person or party (other than the named Insured) subject to Company’s total liability not exceeding the limits of indemnity stated in the Schedule of the Policy. 6. DEFENCE COSTS: The Company will pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred with their prior consent in the investigation, defence or settlement of any claim made against the Insured and the costs of representation at any inquest, inquiry or other proceedings in respect of matters which have a direct relevance to any claim made or which might be made against the Insured, provided such claim or claims are the subject of indemnity by the Policy. Such costs, fees and expenses are called ‘Defence Costs’. Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Ltd. Reg office: 2nd Floor, "Dare House", No.2, NSC Bose Road, Chennai - 600001, India. IRDAI Registration Number: 123| CIN: 66030TN2001PLC047977| Toll Free Number: 1800 208 9100| SMS Chola to 56677| Customercare@cholams.murugappa.com|www.cholainsurance.com. Public Liability Insurance Policy For Industrial And Storage Risks UIN No. IRDAN123RP0045V01200203 7. INDEMNITY LIMITS: Company’s total liability to pay compensation, Claimant’s costs, fees and expenses and defence costs shall not exceed the Indemnity limit stated in the schedule. Indemnity limit applies to any one claim or series of claims arising from one originating cause. Indemnity limit shall represent the total amount of company’s liability during the policy period. 7.1 CLAIMS SERIES CLAUSE For the purpose of this policy where a series of and/or several bodily injuries and/or property damages are attributable directly or indirectly to the same cause all such bodily injuries and/or property damages shall be added together and all such bodily injuries and/or property damages shall be treated as one claim and such claim shall be deemed to have been made at the point in time when the first of the claims was made in writing. There shall, however, be no