9.15. 9. GENERAL CONDITIONS 9.1 The Insured shall give written notice to the Company as soon as reasonably practicable of any claim made against the Insured (or any specific event or circumstance that may give rise to a claim being made against the Insured) and which forms the subject of indemnity under this policy and shall give all such additional information as the company may require. Every claim, writ, summons or process and all documents relating to the event shall be forwarded to the Company immediately they are received by the Insured. 9.2 Documents required for Claim processing: a. Claim form, b. Detailed note on the event leading to the loss, c. Any Legal notice / summon received from the aggrieved party, d. Defence initiated from your end, if so what are the grounds, e. KYC documents PAN, ROC certificate, Aadhar, GST Registration Cert Etc., f. What are the preventive measures initiated to avoid recurrence, g. Any other Document h. Turn Around Time for claims settlement is 7 Days from receipt of Award / Last Document 9.3 No admission, offer, promise or payment shall be made or given by or on behalf of the Insured without the written consent of the company. 9.4 The company will have the right, but in no case the obligation, to take over and conduct in the name of the insured the defence of any claim and will have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings and in the settlement of any claim and having taken over the defence of any claim may relinquish the same. All amounts expended by the company in the defence settlement or payment of any claim will reduce the limits of indemnity specified in the Schedule of the Policy. In the event the Company, in its sole discretion, choose to exercise its right pursuant to this condition, no action taken by the Company in the exercise of such right will serve to modify or expand in any manner, the company’s liability or obligations under this policy beyond what the company’s liability or obligations would have been had it not exercised its rights under this condition. 9.5 The insured shall give all such information and assistance as the company may reasonably require. 9.6 The Insured shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable of any fact, event or circumstance which materially changes the information supplied to the company at the time when this policy was effective, and the company may amend the terms of this policy according to the materiality of such change. 9.7 The company may at any time pay to the Insured in connection with any claim or series of claims under this policy to which an Indemnity limit applies the amount of such limit (after deduction of any sums already paid) or any lesser amount for which such claims can be settled and upon such payment being made the Company shall relinquish the conduct and control of and be under no further liability in connection with such claims. Cholamandalam MS General Insurance Company Ltd. Reg office: 2nd Floor, "Dare House", No.2, NSC Bose Road, Chennai - 600001, India. IRDAI Registration Number: 123| CIN: 66030TN2001PLC047977| Toll Free Number: 1800 208 9100| SMS Chola to 56677| Customercare@cholams.murugappa.com|www.cholainsurance.com. Public Liability Insurance Policy For Industrial And Storage Risks UIN No. IRDAN123RP0045V01200203 9.8 The Policy and the Schedule shall be read together as one contract and any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of this Policy or the Schedule shall bear such specific meaning wherever it may appear. The terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy (and any phrase or word contained therein) shall be interpreted in accordance with Indian Law 9.9 The Insured shall keep accurate records of annual turnover which term shall include all leviable duties and at the time of renewal of Insurances declare such details as the Company may require. The company shall at all reasonable time have free access to inspect such records. The premium stated in the schedule of this policy is to be regulated by the final turnover pertaining to the policy period as borne out by the accurate record of the annual turnover to be maintained as above. Within one month from the expiry of each policy period, the insured shall furnish the Company with the correct turnover recorded as aforesaid, pertaining to the previous policy period, based on which the Company shall arrive at the final premium, by further payment to the Company or a refund to the insured as the case may be, but in no case shall the refund of premium be more than 25% of the premium stated in the schedule. 9.10 If at the time of happening of any event resulting into a liability under this policy, there be any other public liability insurance or insurances effected by the insured or by any other person covering the same liability, then the company shall not be liable to pay or contribute more than its ratable proportion of such liability. This Policy does not cover liability which at the time of happening of any event resulting into such liability, be insured by or would, but for the existence of this policy, be insured by, any other Policy (but not a Public Liability Policy) or Policies, except in respect of any excess beyond the amount which could have been payable under such Policy/Polices, had this Insurance not been effected. 9.11 Multiple policies involving Bank or other lending or financing entity - If at the time of any claim, in case there is more than one Insurance Policy issued to the insured covering the same risk, the insurer will not apply Contribution clause. Underinsurance will be applied on an overall basis taking into consideration the