. In any situation, the company’s liability would not exceed the cost arrived basis the unused tread depth of respective tyre as per the scale given above. Provided always that 1. This add-on will not apply to total loss/constructive total loss (TL/CTL) of the insured vehicle. 2. The tyre(s) and/or tube(s) is/are repaired/replaced with prior authorization from ICICI Lombard GIC Company Limited. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. Claim under this add-on will have no impact on NO claim bonus earned on the base comprehensive policy. NO claim bonus will remain intact even after a claim under this add-on. Important Conditions: 1. If during the Period of insurance any tyre(s) and/or tube(s) is/are replaced for any reason for which claim is not preferred under the coverage, cover on new tyre(s) and/or tube(s) would not be available unless details of new tyre(s) and/or tube(s) are informed to us within 15 days and the same is endorsed on the policy. UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 2. 3. All claims must be made/intimated to us within 3 days of damage. However, this condition is not applicable when there is a delay in intimation due to unavoidable circumstances. Tyre Protect is available as an add-on coverage to a customer purchasing ICICI Lombard GIC Company Limited Comprehensive Motor Insurance Policy. 4. Whenever replacement of tyre(s) and/or tube(s) will be allowed, it will be of the same make and specification as fitted by the OEM’s. However, if tyre(s) and/or tube(s) of similar specification is not available and replaced tyre(s) and/or tube(s) is/are superior to damaged one then we will not be liable for differential amount. 5. Maximum of 4 (four) replacements of tyre(s) and/or tube(s) will be 6. 7. allowed during the Period of Insurance ie. for policy of 12 months. In case of replacement of four tyre(s) and/or tube(s) for which a claim is preferred under the coverage, replaced tyre(s) and/or tube(s) can be reinstated by way of endorsement by paying requisite premium. If damage to tyre(s) and/or tube(s) is/are due to the accidental damage to the insured vehicle covered under “Own Damage” section of the policy. ICICI Lombard GIC Company Limited liability under this cover will be restricted to the difference of depreciation percentage applied under “Own Damage” section and as mentioned above basis the unused tread depth. Exclusions: ICICI Lombard will not be liable: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. For loss or damage arising out of natural wear and tear, mechanical failure or improper suspension geometry as specified by manufacturer. For any loss or damage within first 15 days of inception of the policy. For any loss or damage occurred prior to inception of the policy For any loss or damage resulting into total loss of the vehicle For theft of tyre(s)/tube(s) or its parts accessories without vehicle being stolen or theft of entire vehicle. For any loss or damage resulting into total loss/Constructive total loss of the insured vehicle If repair/replacement of tyres done at unauthorized garage If the tyre(s) and/or tube(s) being claimed is different from tyre(s) and/or tube(s) insured/supplied as original equipment along with the vehicle unless informed to us and mentioned/endorsed on the policy. For loss or damage arising out of any manufacturing defect or design including manufacturer’s recall. 10. For minor damage or scratch not affecting the functioning 11. If the tyre(s) and/or tube(s) is/are repaired/replaced without prior authorization from ICICI Lombard GIC Company Limited 12. For tyre(s) which has/have been used for its full specified life as per manufacturer’s guideline or where unused tread depth is less than 3 mm. Unused Tread depth will be measured at the centre of the tread. • Minimum 4 measurements at 4 different places will be taken for the purpose of arriving at mean tread depth which will be the basis of indemnity under the coverage. 13. Where a loss is covered with any other manufacturer’s warranty or recall campaign or under any other such packages at the same time 14. For any excess mentioned in Policy schedule 15. For the difference if any between the cost of the superior tyre(s) and/or tube(s) and that of the tyre(s) and/or tube(s) of similar specification, used for replacement. EMI Protect UIN- IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0001V01202021 In consideration of the payment of Rs___________ by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to: Pay the total liable EMI amount, as stated in the schedule, to the Insured for which the Insured’s vehicle is under repair in a garage, due to loss/damage to the vehicle on account of a peril covered under the Policy, subject to the minimum number of days of vehicle in garage as stated in schedule. Insured has an option to choose the number of EMI (Subject to min of 1 and Max 6) and time excess (subject to min of 7 days). The number of EMI payable will depend on the number of days the vehicle is under repair in garage as per below table. Number of Days in Garage 0-30 31-60 61-90 91-120 121-150 151-180 > 180 No of EMI* 1 2 3 4 5 6 6 Subject to maximum EMI selected by the customer & the minimum time excess The insured has an option to choose from the following time excess options: Time Excess (Minimum Number of Days) 7 days 10 days 14 days 21 days 28 days Provided always that: 1) Such claim is admitted by the Company under Section I – “Loss or Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy Number of EMIs payable will depend on option exercised by the insured or sum insured mentioned in policy whichever is lower and is subject to repair time exceeding the Time Excess specified for each option. Actual repair time will be counted from the next calendar day after the insured vehicle is delivered to the Garage along with intimation of claim & submission of all required claim documents to the insurer till the day immediately preceding the date of discharge or re-inspection or date of invoice for such repair as prepared by the garage, whichever is earlier Claim under this add-on is intimated to the Company within 5 days of loss or damage The vehicle is repaired at a network garage of the company. Submission of statement of account from the financier for the asset (vehicle) insured. 2) 3) 4) 5) 6) Special Exclusions: Company will not be liable for any claim on account of – a. b. c. d. e. f. Delay of more than 5 days, in delivering insured vehicle to the garage from the time of occurrence of accidental damage or loss Non-availability of spare parts required for repair Any due amount because of default or non-payment or delayed payment For more than one covered incident per policy year. Any other consequential loss or charges associated with the loan payment such as late payment charges, pre-payment charges or other documentation charges. Default in payment of EMI in the last one year preceding the date of accident. Report of total loss or theft of the vehicle. g. Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and limitations of the Policy. Emergency Medical Expenses IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0002V01202122 Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy, and in consideration of the payment of an additional premium by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and understood that notwithstanding any other terms contrary under the Policy, The Company will be liable for the below mentioned Emergency medical expenses incurred for the treatment of bodily injury/injuries sustained by insured and/or any occupant of the vehicle in direct relation with insured vehicle The injury/injuries sustained in an accident to be whilst mounting and dismounting from or driving or travelling in the insured vehicle caused by violent, accidental external and visible means requiring necessary medical treatment in any Hospital or any clinic or nursing home. 1. Accidental Hospitalisation – The Company shall reimburse the accidental medical expenses incurred by the insured and/or any other occupant(s) travelling in the insured vehicle (as per the registered seating capacity) towards the treatment of bodily injury sustained in an accident involving the insured vehicle. The aggregate liability of the Company under the said cover for all the occupants will be limited up to the Sum Insured mentioned against the said cover in the Policy Schedule. 2. Ambulance Cover – The Company shall: a. Arrange ground medical transportation by an ambulance service provider to transport the Insured Person and/or any other occupant(s) travelling in the insured vehicle from the site of accident -17 UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 3. 4. b. to the nearest Hospital or any clinic or nursing home for medical necessary treatment as available in that particular city/location. This is merely a telephonic assistance service and is subject to availability of the service provider in the location of the accident. There are no restrictions on the number of times the telephonic ambulance assistance can be availed. And also reimburse the expenses incurred by the insured and/or any occupant(s) for hiring an ambulance for such transportation. The aggregate liability of the Company towards the cost of hiring an ambulance for all the injured occupants will be limited up to the Sum Insured mentioned against the said cover in the Policy Schedule. Hospital Daily Cash – If insured and/or any occupant(s) travelling in the insured vehicle, suffers an Injury due to an Accident that occurs during the Policy Period and which solely and directly requires the injured occupant(s) travelling in the insured vehicle to be Hospitalized, then We will pay the daily amount specified in the Policy Schedule against this cover for each continuous and completed day of Hospitalization of the injured person(s). The Company shall not be liable to pay the daily amount for more than the maximum number of days as specified in the Policy Schedule, during the Policy Period. Further the number of injured to whom the claim will be paid under the cover will be limited to the number as opted by the insured and duly mentioned under the policy Schedule. The Company’s liability to make any payment under this cover shall be in excess of the per event Franchise, stated in the Policy Schedule, as applicable. Illustration: If there is a Franchise of two days under this benefit and the injured occupant of the insured vehicle is admitted in a hospital for one day, then this benefit shall not be payable . However, if the injured occupant is hospitalized for more than two days, then he shall be entitled under this benefit for all days of hospitalization limited to sum insured mentioned under the policy schedule. Tele Consultation - If insured and/or any occupant(s) travelling in the insured vehicle, requires any medical emergency assistance that occurs during the Policy Period, they can avail Telephonic/Virtual Consultation through mobile application specified in the Policy Certificate. Telephonic/Virtual Consultation service can be availed as many times as mentioned in policy schedule. (i) It is agreed and understood that the Insured Person/occupant(s) is/are free to choose whether or not to obtain the expert opinion, and if obtained then whether or not to act on it; (ii) Under this Benefit, We are only providing the Insured Person/occupant(s) with access to consultations or opinion and we shall not be deemed to substitute the Insured Person’s/occupant(s) visit or consultation to an independent Medical Practitioner. Provided always that 1. in is a delay Such claims are admitted by the Company under Section I – “Loss or Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy, except for Tele Consultation service. Claim under this add-on is intimated to the Company within 5 days of occurrence of incident, however, this condition is not applicable when there intimation due to unavoidable circumstances. Accident has occurred in direct connection with insured vehicle whilst driving the vehicle including mounting into/ dismounting from or traveling in the insured vehicle. The limit on the number of claims that can be made and the aggregate liability to be paid during the policy period will be restricted to the sum insured mentioned against each of the coverage’s separately. The benefit under this section is NOT payable in case the number of persons/ passengers traveling in the insured vehicle is more than the number specified in the registration certificate valid at the time of occurrence of such accident. Submission of original Bills / Reports / Prescriptions/Indoor case papers and Hospital discharge summary shall be required for reimbursement of all such claims. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. Definition for the purpose of this add-on: Franchise means a minimum amount of loss that must be incurred before insurance coverage applies. Once the Deductible is met, the entire benefit amount is paid, subject to the Policy terms and conditions. Hospital/Nursing Home/Clinic means any institution established for inpatient care and day care treatment of illness and / or injuries and which has been registered as a hospital/nursing home/clinic with the local authorities under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulations) Act 2010 or under enactments specified under the Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said Act. Medically Necessary Treatment means any treatment, tests, medication, or stay in hospital or part of a stay in hospital which: is required for the medical management of the injury suffered by the insured or any other occupant travelling in the insured vehicle; must not exceed the level of care necessary to provide safe, adequate and appropriate medical care in scope, duration, or intensity; must have been prescribed by a medical practitioner; must conform to the professional standards widely accepted in international medical practice or by the medical community in India. Pre-existing diseases means any condition, ailment, injury or disease: a) That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement or For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement. b) “Telephonic/Virtual Consultation” shall mean any consultations provided by Medical Practitioners/Healthcare Professionals through a virtual mode of communication, such as via audio, video, online portal, chat or mobile application for routine health query or second opinion. Specific Exclusions: a. Any expenses related to a sickness, disease or medical disorder not directly consequential to accident. Any expenses related to pre-existing diseases or medical disorders, except for Tele consultation service Any physiotherapy treatment. Any expense not supported by an original and valid bill / receipt and related prescription of the attending Medical Practitioner / Hospital / Nursing Home. Any expenses for treatment commenced after 3 days from the date of accident. Not more than sum-insured as mentioned in the schedule during per policy tenure. Any expense arising or resulting from or traceable to intentional selfinjury, suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity. Any expense arising or resulting from or traceable to an accident happening due to the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs. b. c. d. e. f. g. h. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions condition & limitations of the policy. Warranty: Warranted that the insured named herein/owner of the vehicle holds a valid Pollution Under Control (PUC) Certificate and/or valid fitness certificate, as applicable, on the date of commencement of the Policy and undertakes to renew and maintain a valid and effective PUC and/or fitness Certificate, as applicable, during the subsistence of the Policy. Further, the Company reserves the right to take appropriate action in case of any discrepancy in the PUC or fitness certificate. -18 UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 Motor Floater • Mid Term inclusion of vehicles UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0009V01202223 In consideration of the payment of Rs ___________ by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to offer below mentioned benefits: Benefit offered • To offer a single policy irrespective of the number of vehicles owned by proposer* and an option to have different sub-limits/IDV for each vehicle. • Different vehicle may have different risk start date, based on the respective due dates of insurance of each vehicle. However, the risk end date of all the vehicles would be aligned with the risk end date of the vehicle which has the earliest risk start date. For Example Components PVT 01 PVT 02 TW 01 Previous Year Policy 8-Jul-22 10-Aug-22 15-Sep-22 End date Floater Policy Risk Start Date Floater Policy Risk End Date 9-Jul-22 11-Aug-22 16-Sep-22 8-Jul-23 8-Jul-23 8-Jul-23 • As shown above, the risk end date of all the 3 vehicles are aligned which will help insured to have similar risk start date during next renewal. • For aligning the risk start dates the premiums are calculated on pro rata basis, wherever the risk period of the vehicle is less than 12 months. Explanation &