is to be inserted. ** To insert Condition no 3 in respect of a vehicle rated under Tariff for Private Car/Two wheelers or Condition no 4 in respect of a vehicle rated under the Tariff for Commercial Vehicles. IMT. 22. A. VOLUNTARY DEDUCTIBLE (For private cars/motorized two wheelers other than for hire or reward) It is by declared and agreed that the insured having opted a voluntary deductible of `.......................* a reduction in premium of `............................** under Section 1 of the policy is hereby allowed. In consideration of the above, it is hereby understood and agreed that the insured shall bear under Section 1 Of the policy in respect of each and every event (including event giving rise to a total loss/constructive total loss ) the first `.............................*** (or any less expenditure which may be incurred) of any expenditure for which provision has been made under this policy and/or of any expenditure by the insurer in the exercise of his discretion under Condition no ...# of this policy. If the expenditure incurred by the insurer shall include any amount for which the insured is responsible hereunder such amount shall be repaid by the insured to the insurer forthwith. For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression event shall mean an event or series of events arising out of one cause in connection with the vehicle insured in respect of which indemnity is provided under this policy. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * To insert voluntary deductible amount opted by the insured under tariff for Private car/tariff for motorised two wheeler. ** To insert appropriate amount relating to the voluntary deductible opted as per the provision of tariff for Private car/tariff for motorised two wheelers. *** To insert aggregate amount of voluntary deductible opted and the compulsory deductible applicable to the vehicle insured as in G.R. 40. # To insert policy condition No. 3 of the tariff for private car/tariff for motorised two wheelers. IMT. 23. COVER FOR LAMPS TYRES/TUBES MUDGUARDS BONNET/ SIDE PARTS BUMPERS HEADLIGHTS AND PAINTWORK OF DAMAGED PORTION ONLY. (For all Commercial Vehicles) In consideration of payment of an additional premium of `..........................*, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that subject to conditions (a) (b) and (c) hereunder loss of or damage (excluding theft under any circumstances) to lamps tyres/tubes mudguards bonnet/side parts bumpers headlights and paintwork of damaged portion only is covered provided the vehicle is also damaged at the same time. Subject to: 1. Depreciation as per schedule provided in Section 1 of the policy. It is further understood and agreed that in respect of paint work for the damaged portion only (as referred to above) shall also be as per schedule provided in Section 1 of the policy. In addition to any amount which the insured may be required to bear under para (a) above, the insured shall also bear 50% of the assessed loss in respect of each and every claim under this Endorsement. It is also understood that no deductible other than those mentioned in (a) and (b) above shall be applicable in respect of a claim which become payable under this Endorsement. 2. 3. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * To insert the sum arrived at as per the provisions of G.R.40. NB.3. of the Tariff. IMT. 24. ELECTRICAL / ELECTRONIC FITTINGS (Items fitted in the vehicle but not included in the manufacturer’s listed selling price of the vehicle. Package Policy only) In consideration of the payment of additional premium of `............................, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer will indemnify the insured against loss of or damage to such electrical and/ or electronic fitting(s) as specified in the schedule whilst it/these is/are fitted in or on the vehicle insured where such loss or damage is occasioned by any of the perils mentioned in Section.1 of the policy. The insurer shall, however, not be liable for loss of or damage to such fitting(s) caused by/as a result of mechanical or electrical breakdown. Provided always that the liability of the insurer hereunder shall not exceed the Insured’s Declared Value (IDV) of the item. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. IMT. 25. CNG/LPG KIT IN BI-FUEL SYSTEM (Own Damage cover for the kit) In consideration of the payment of premium of `.............................* notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer will indemnify the insured in terms conditions limitations and exceptions of Section1 of the policy against loss and/or damage to the CNG/LPG kit fitted in the vehicle insured arising from an accidental loss or damage to the vehicle insured, subject to the limit of the Insured’s Declared Value of the CNG/LPG kit specified in the Schedule of the policy. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * To insert sum arrived at in terms of G.R.42. IMT. 26. FIRE AND/OR THEFT RISKS ONLY (Not applicable for Miscellaneous and Special Types of vehicles ratable under Class-D and Motor Trade Policies under Classes-E, F and G of the Commercial Vehicles Tariff) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that Section II of the Policy is deemed to be cancelled and under Section I thereof the insurer shall only be liable to indemnify the insured against loss or damage by fire explosion self ignition lightning and/or burglary housebreaking theft and riot strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood inundation and earthquake perils whilst the vehicle is laid up in garage and not in use. -7 UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. NB. a. In case of Fire Risk only, the words ‘burglary housebreaking theft’ are to be deleted. NB. b. In case of Theft Risk only, the words ‘fire explosion self ignition lightning riot strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood inundation and earthquake perils’ are to be deleted. IMT. 27. LIABILITY AND FIRE AND/OR THEFT (Not applicable for Miscellaneous and Special Types of vehicles rateable under Class of the Tariff for Commercial Vehicles) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that Section I of the Policy the insurer shall not be liable there under except in respect of loss or damage by fire explosion self ignition lightning and/or burglary housebreaking theft and riot strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood inundation and earthquake perils. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the Policy. NB. a. In case of Liability and Fire Risks only, the words ‘burglary housebreaking theft’ are to be deleted. NB. b. In case of Liability and Theft Risks only, the words ‘fire explosion self ignition lightning riot strike malicious damage terrorism storm tempest flood inundation and earthquake perils’ are to be deleted. IMT. 28. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PAID DRIVER AND/OR CONDUCTOR AND/OR CLEANER EMPLOYED IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPERATION OF INSURED VEHICLE (For all Classes of vehicles) In consideration of an additional premium of ` 50/- notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer shall indemnify the insured against the insured’s legal liability under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923, the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 or at Common Law and subsequent amendments of these Acts prior to the date of this Endorsement in respect of personal injury to any paid driver and/or conductor and/or cleaner whilst engaged in the service of the insured in such occupation in connection with the vehicle insured herein and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with its written consent. Provided always that 1. This Endorsement does not indemnify the insured in respect of any liability in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurer or group of insurers a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein defined for insured’s general employees; 2. The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall comply with all statutory obligations; *3. the insured shall keep record of the name of each paid driver conductor cleaner or persons employed in loading and/or unloading and the amount of wages and salaries and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at all times allow the insurer to inspect such records on demand. 4. in the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the Policy except so far as necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. *In case of Private cars/motorised two wheelers (not used for hire or reward) delete this para. IMT. 29. LEGAL LIABILITY TO EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED OTHER THAN PAID DRIVER AND/OR CONDUCTOR AND/ OR CLEANER WHO MAY BE TRAVELLING OR DRIVING IN THE EMPLOYER’S CAR {Private Cars only/ Motorised two wheelers (not for hire or reward)} In consideration of the payment of an additional premium @ ` 25/- per employee insured notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer will indemnify the insured against the insured’s liability at Common Law and Statutory Liability under the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 for compensation (including legal costs of any claimant) for death of or bodily injury to any employee (other than paid drivers) of the within named insured being carried in or upon or entering in or getting on to or alighting from or driving the vehicle insured. Provided that in the event of an accident whilst the vehicle insured is carrying more than .....* employees of the insured (including the driver) the insured shall repay to the insurer a rateable proportion of the total amount payable by the insurer by the reason of this endorsement in respect of accident in connection with such vehicle insured. Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. NB. * To insert the number of employees for which the premium has been paid. IMT. 30. TRAILERS. (Applicable to Private Cars Only) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood and agreed that the indemnity granted by this policy shall extend to apply to the Trailer (Registration No..............). Provided always that *1. the IDV of such Trailer shall be deemed not to exceed ......* * 2. the term ‘Trailer’ shall not include its contents or anything contained thereon. such indemnity shall not apply in respect of death or bodily injury to any person being conveyed by the said Trailer otherwise than by reason of or in pursuance of a contract of employment. 3. Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * Delete in the case of Liability to the public Risks only policies. ** Insert value of trailer as declared at inception of insurance or any renewal thereof. IMT. 31. RELIABILITY TRIALS AND RALLIES [Private Cars and Motorised Two Wheelers] In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood and agreed that the indemnity granted by this Policy is extended to apply whilst the vehicle insured is engaged in .......... ......*. to be held at ....**... on or about the date of ......../........./............ under the auspices of ....... ..............# Provided that:1. No indemnity shall be granted by this Endorsement to ......... # 2. This Policy does not cover use for organised racing, pace making or speed testing. 3. During the course of the .......* the Insurer shall not be liable in respect of death of or bodily injury to any person being carried in or upon or entering or getting on to or alighting from the vehicle insured at the time of the occurrence of the event out of which any claim arises. # # It is further understood and agreed that while the vehicle insured is engaged in ...........* the insured shall bear the first `..............................@ (or any less amount for which the claim may be assessed) of each and every claim under Section I of this Policy. Provided that if the insurer shall make any payment in exercise of its discretion under Condition No. 3 of the policy in settlement of any claim and such payment includes the amount for which the insured is responsible by reason of this Endorsement the insured shall repay to the insurer forthwith the amount for which the insured is so responsible. For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression claim shall mean a claim or series of claims arising out of one event. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * To insert the name of the event @ To insert ` 5000/- for Private cars or ` 2500/- for motorised two wheelers. For the duration of the event the deductible under Section 1 of the policy for the purpose of IMT 22 will be the amount stated in IMT 22 or the amount stated herein, whichever is higher. ** To insert the venue of the event. # To insert the name of the promoters of the event. # # To delete this entire paragraph in case of Liability Only policies. IMT. 32. ACCIDENTS TO SOLDIERS/SAILORS/AIRMEN EMPOYED AS DRIVERS In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of ` 100/-* it is hereby understood and agreed that in the event of any Soldier/Sailor/Airman employed by the insured to drive the vehicle insured being injured or killed whilst so employed, this policy will extend to relieve the insured of his liability to indemnify Ministry of Defence under the respective Regulations. Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * This additional premium is flat and irrespective of period of insurance not exceeding 12 months. Any extension of the policy period beyond 12 months will call for payment of further additional premium under this endorsement. IMT. 33. LOSS OF ACCESSORIES (Applicable to Motorised Two Wheeler Policies only) the payment of an additional premium of In consideration of `.............................. it is hereby understood and agreed that as from ....../...../...... notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section I but subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations -8 UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 of this Policy the insurer will indemnify the insured in respect of loss of or damage to accessories the property of the insured, specifically declared by the insured caused by burglary, housebreaking or theft. after receipt thereof which proposal as well as that referred to in this policy shall be the basis of the contract expressed in this endorsement so far as it relates to the indemnity which is operative whilst the vehicle is let on hire to such Hirer. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this policy. Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. IMT. 34. USE OF COMMERCIAL TYPE VEHICLES FOR BOTH COMMERCIAL AND PRIVATE PURPOSES (Applicable to Commercial Vehicle Policies only) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `.............. and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood and agreed that I The insurer will indemnify the insured against his legal liability under Common Law and Statutory Liability under the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 in respect of death of or bodily injury to any person not being an employee of the insured nor carried for hire or reward, whilst being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from any motor vehicle described in the Schedule to this Policy. ii. This Policy shall be operative whilst any vehicle described in the Schedule hereto is being used by the insured or by any other person with the permission of the Insured for social, domestic, or pleasure purposes. Whilst any such vehicle is being so used the insurer will in terms and subject to the limitations of and for the purposes of Section II of this policy treat as though he were the Insured person using such vehicle provided that such person 1. is not entitled to indemnity under any other Policy. 2. shall as though he were the insured observe, fulfill and be subject to the terms, provisions, conditions and endorsements of this Policy in so far as they apply. 3. has not been refused any Motor Vehicle Insurance or continuance thereof by any insurer. Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. NOTE : For Liability only policies delete the whole of items (1) and (2) and the paragraph in bold marked with *. ** Insurer to devise a suitable supplementary proposal form. IMT. 36. INDEMNITY TO HIRER- PACKAGE POLICY- NEGLIGENCE OF THE INSURED OR HIRER. It is hereby declared and agreed that the company will indemnify any hirer of the vehicle insured against loss, damage and liability as defined in this Policy arising in connection with the vehicle insured by reason of the negligence of the within named insured or of any employee of such insured while the vehicle insured is let on hire. Provided that any such hirer shall as though he/she were the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this policy in so far as they apply. IMT. 37. LEGAL LIABILITY TO NON-FARE PAYING PASSENGERS OTHER THAN STATUTORY LIABILITY EXCEPT THE FATAL ACCIDENTS ACT, 1855 (Commercial Vehicles only) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `............ and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section II-1 (b) and (c) it is hereby understood and agreed that the Company will Indemnify the Insured against his legal liability other than liability under the Statute (except the Fatal Accidents Act 1855 ) in respect of death of or bodily injury to: i Any employee of the within named insured who is not a workman within the meaning of the Workmens Compensation Act Prior to date of this endorsement and not being carried for hire or reward. NOTE: In case of Liability only Policies delete (1) above ii. Any other person not being carried for hire or reward provided that the IMT. 35. HIRED VEHICLES-DRIVEN BY HIRER* (Applicable to four wheeled vehicles with carrying capacity not exceeding 6 passengers and Motorised Two wheelers) It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Policy unless the vehicle insured is being driven by or is for the purpose of being driven by the insured in the charge of the within named insured or a driver in the insured’s employment, the policy shall only be operative whilst the vehicle insured is let on hire by the insured to any person (hereinafter called the Hirer) who: i shall have entered into a hire contract with the insured and who prior to such hiring shall have satisfactorily completed and signed a supplementary proposal form**. ii. shall have satisfied the insured a. b. that the vehicle insured will only be driven by a duly licensed driver whose license has not been endorsed; that such driver has not been refused Motor Insurance nor had his/her insurance policy been cancelled nor had special conditions imposed nor had increased premium demanded from him/her by reason of claims experience. It is also understood and agreed that whilst the vehicle insured is let on hire to the Hirer the insurer shall not be liable. 1. for any loss, damage or liability due to or arising from theft or conversion by the Hirer unless covered by payment of additional premium @ 1.50% on IDV. (Endt. IMT 43 is to be used.) 2. To pay the first `............................ of each and every claim in respect of which indemnity would but for this endorsement have been provided by Section I of this Policy. If the expenditure incurred by the Insurer shall include the amount for which the Insured is responsible hereunder, such amount shall be repaid by the insured to the Insurer forthwith. For the purpose of this endorsement the expression .Claim. shall mean a claim or series of claims arising out of one cause in respect of the vehicle. If the vehicle is used by the Hirer for carriage of passengers for hire or reward. * For the purposes of this endorsement the insurer will in terms of and subject to the provisions contained in item I of Section II of this Policy, treat the Hirer as a person who is driving the Two wheeler. it Further insurer the supplementary proposal referred to above, completed by the Hirer immediately is agreed that the forward to the insured shall -9 person is a. Charterer or representative of the charterer of the truck b. Any other person directly connected with the journey in one form or other being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from any Motor Vehicle described in the schedule of the policy. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitation of this policy. IMT. 37. A. LEGAL LIABILITY TO NON FARE PAYING PASSENGERS WHO ARE NOT EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED (Commercial Vehicles only) In consideration of the paying of an additional premium of `.............................. and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section II-1 ( c ) it is hereby understood and agreed that the company will indemnify the insured against his legal liability other than liability under statute (except Fatal Accidents Act 1855) in respect of death or bodily injury to any person not being an employee of the insured and not carried for hire or reward provided that the person is a. Charterer or representative of the charterer of the truck. b. Any other person directly connected with the journey in one form or the other being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from vehicle insured described in the SCHEDULE OF THIS POLICY. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. IMT. 38. LEGAL LIABILITY TO FARE PAYING PASSENGERS EXCLUDING LIABILITY FOR ACCIDENTS TO EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED ARISING OUT OF AND IN THE COURSE OF THEIR EMPLOYMENT (Commercial and Motor Trade Vehicles only) I. For use with Package Policies. In consideration of an additional premium of `............................. and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section II - 1 (c) but subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this policy, the insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at Law for compensation (including Law costs of any claimant) for death of or bodily injury to any person other than a person excluded under Section II-1 (B) being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from the Motor Vehicle. Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the Motor Vehicle is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule hereto as being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the conductor if any then the Insured shall total amount repay this which would be payable by rateable proportion of the Insurer by reason of Insurer the the to UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 endorsement if not more than the said number of persons were carried in the Motor Vehicle. Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this endorsement any three children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned as two persons and any child in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be disregarded. Provided also that the provisions of condition 3 of the Policy are also applicable to a claim or series of claims under this endorsement. Provided further that in the event of Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be allowed. Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. II. For use with Liability only Policy. In consideration of an additional premium of `.............................. and subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy, the insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at Law for compensation (including Law Costs of any claimant) for death of or bodily injury to any person other than a person excluded under general exception being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from the Motor Vehicle. Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the Motor Vehicle is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule hereto as being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the conductor if any then the insured shall repay to the Insurer rateable proportion of the total amount which would be payable by the Insurer by reason of this endorsement if not more than the said number of persons were carried in the Motor Vehicle. Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this endorsement any 3 children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned as two persons and any children in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be disregarded. Provided further that in the event of Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be allowed. Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. IMT. 39. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PERSONS EMPLOYED IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPERATION AND/OR MAINTAINING AND/OR LOADING AND/OR UNLOADING OF MOTOR VEHICLES (for Goods Vehicle) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of *...... it is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the insurer shall indemnify the insured against his legal liability under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments of that Act prior to the date of this Endorsement, the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 or at Common Law in respect of personal injury to any paid driver (or cleaner or conductor or person employed in loading/or unloading but in any case not exceeding seven in number including driver and cleaner) whilst engaged in the service of the insured in such occupation in connection with the .... and not exceeding seven in number and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with its written consent. Provided always that : 1. This Endorsement does not indemnify the insured in respect of any liability in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurer or Group of Underwriters a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein defined for his general employees. 2. The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall comply with all statutory obligations. 3. The insured shall keep a record of the name of each driver cleaner conductor or person employed in loading and/or unloading and the amount of wages salary and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at times allow the insurer to inspect such record. In the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed. 4. The premium to be calculated at the rate of ` 25/- per driver and/or cleaner or conductor and/or person employed in loading and/or unloading but not exceeding the number permitted by the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 including driver and cleaner. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy except so far as necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. IMT. 39. A. LEGAL LIABILITY UNDER THE WORKMEN’S COMPENSATION ACT, 1923 IN RESPECT OF THE CARRIAGE OF MORE THAN SIX EMPLOYEES (Excluding the Driver) in goods carrying vehicles. In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein the company shall indemnify the insured against his legal liability under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments to that Act prior to the date of this endorsement in respect of death of or bodily injury to any person (other than the paid driver) exceeding six in number whilst being carried in the Motor vehicle and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with its written consent. Provided always that : 1. The Company shall not be liable by virtue of this Endorsement to indemnify the insured in respect of any liability in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurance company or group of Underwriters a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein defined for his general employees and where the Insured has not obtained special permission from the registration authorities for carriage of more than six such employees. 2. The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall comply with all statutory obligations. 3. The insured shall keep a record of the name of each person employed in connection with the loading and unloading of the vehicles and the amount of wages salary and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at all times allow the Insurer to inspect such record. 4. In the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. IMT. 40. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PAID DRIVER AND/OR CONDUCTOR AND/OR CLEANER EMPLOYED IN CONNECTION WITH THE OPERATION OF MOTOR VEHICLE. (For buses, taxis and motorized three/four wheelers under commercial vehicles tariff) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary the insurer shall indemnify insured against his legal liability under the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments of that Act prior to the date of this endorsement, the Fatal Accidents Act, 1855 or at Common Law in respect of personal injury to any paid driver and/or conductor and/or cleaner whilst engaged in the service of the insured in such occupation in connection with the vehicle insured and will in addition be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred with its written consent. The premium to be calculated and paid while taking insurance of the vehicle concurred at the rate of ` 50/- per driver and/or conductor and/or cleaner. Provided always that: 1. This Endorsement does not indemnify the insured in respect of any liability in cases where the insured holds or subsequently effects with any insurer or Group of Underwriters a Policy of Insurance in respect of liability as herein defined for his general employees. 2. The insured shall take reasonable precautions to prevent accidents and shall comply with all statutory obligations. 3. The insured shall keep a record of the name of each driver cleaner conductor or person employed in loading and/or unloading and the amount of wages salary and other earnings paid to such employees and shall at all times allow the insurer to inspect such record. 4. In the event of the Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund of the premium paid in respect of this Endorsement will be allowed. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy except so far as necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. IMT. 41. MOTOR TRADE POLICY - CLASS ‘F’-ROAD RISK ONLY It is hereby declared and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary that in respect of any new vehicle and/or chassis bearing a Trade Certificate Number specified in the Schedule of the policy, the Geographical Area for the purpose of this Policy shall be as defined hereunder and not as stated in the Schedule hereto. Geographical Area Under Section II-(i) .. INDIA -10 UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 Under all other Sections -Within a radius of ...* kilometers from the insured’s address as stated in the Schedule hereto. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * to insert ‘80’ or ‘120’, as opted for by insured and premium paid accordingly. IMT. 42. PRIVATE CARRIERS (Goods Carrying Commercial Vehicles Only) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer shall not be liable for any loss or damage to the vehicle insured and/or for any third party liability in respect thereof if at the time of accident the vehicle insured under this policy is carrying goods not belonging to the insured Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this policy. Article II NOTE : For Liability only Policies delete the words “for any loss or damage to the vehicle insured and/or” IMT. 43. THEFT AND CONVERSION RISK Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood and agreed in this Policy in consideration of the payment of additional premium @ 1.50% of IDV, Clause ii (b) (1) of Endorsement IMT-35 is hereby deemed to be deleted. It is further understood and agreed that the indemnity in respect of Theft and/or Conversion by the hirer is applicable only in case of Theft and/or Conversion of the entire vehicle. It is further understood and agreed that No Claim Bonus will not be applicable to the additional premium charged hereunder. IMT. 44. INDEMNITY TO HIRER - PACKAGE POLICY - NEGLIGENCE OF THE OWNER OR HIRER It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of payment of an additional premium of `........ the Insurer will indemnify any hirer of the Vehicle insured against loss, damage and liability as defined in this Policy arising in connection with the Vehicle insured while let on hire. Provided that any such hirer shall as though he/she were the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this policy in so far as they apply. IMT. 45. INDEMNITY TO HIRER - LIABILITY ONLY POLICY ‘NEGLIGENCE OF THE OWNER OR HIRER’ NEGLIGENCE OF THE HIRER It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of payment of an additional premium of `....... the Insurer will indemnify any hirer of the Motor Vehicle against liability as defined in this Policy arising in connection with the Motor Vehicle while let on hire. Provided that any such hirer shall as though he were the Insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy in so far as they apply. IMT. 46. LEGAL LIABILITY TO PASSENGERS EXCLUDING LIABILITY FOR ACCIDENTS TO EMPLOYEES OF THE INSURED ARISING OUT OF AND IN COURSE OF THEIR EMPLOYMENT (Applicable to Ambulance/Hearses under class D of Commercial vehicles and to Motor Trade vehicles) In consideration of an additional premium of `.............................. and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section II-I(c) but subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy the insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at Law for compensation (including legal costs of any claimant) for death of or bodily injury to any person other than a person excluded under Section II - I (B) being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from the vehicle insured. Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the vehicle insured is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule hereto as being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the conductor if any then the insured shall repay to the insurer ratable proportion of the total amount which would be payable by the insurer by reason of this endorsement if not more than the said number of persons were carried in the vehicle insured. Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this endorsement any three children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned as two persons and any child in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be disregarded. Provided also that the provisions of condition 3 of the policy are also applicable to a claim or series of claims under this endorsement. Provided further that in the event of policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be allowed. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. (For use with ‘Liability Only’ Policy) In consideration of an additional premium of `............................. and subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy the insurer will indemnify the insured against liability at law for compensation (including legal costs of any claimant) for death of or bodily injury to any person other than a person excluded under general exception being carried in or upon or entering or mounting or alighting from the vehicle insured. Provided always that in the event of an accident occurring whilst the vehicle insured is carrying more than the number of persons mentioned in the Schedule hereto as being the licensed carrying capacity of that vehicle in addition to the conductor if any then the insured shall repay to the insurer ratable proportion of the total amount which would be payable by the insurer by reason of this endorsement if not more than the said number of persons were carried in the vehicle insured. Provided further that in computing the number of persons for the purpose of this endorsement any 3 children not exceeding 15 years of age will be reckoned as two persons and any children in arms not exceeding 3 years of age will be disregarded. Provided further that in the event of Policy being cancelled at the request of the insured no refund of premium paid in respect of this endorsement will be allowed. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. 47. MOBILE CRANES/DRILLING RIGS/MOBILE PLANTS/ IMT. EXCAVATORS/NAVVIES/SHOVELS/GRABS/RIPPERS. It is hereby declared and agreed notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Policy that in respect of the vehicle insured * the Insurer shall be under no liability a. Under Section I of this Policy in respect of loss or damage resulting from overturning arising out of the operation as a tool of such vehicle or of plant forming part of such vehicle or attached thereto except for loss or damage arising directly from fire, explosion, self ignition or lightning or burglary housebreaking or theft. b. Under Section II except so far as is necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising out of the operation as a tool of such vehicle or of plant forming part of such vehicle or attached thereto. N. B.: Omit paragraph (a) for: 1. Liability only Policies. 2. Package Policies where an additional premium has been paid for inclusion of damage by overturning. NOTE: * Insert make, number or some other means of identification. Where a premium reduction is allowed for exclusion of damage when in use as a tool of trade omit from paragraph (a) (the words resulting from “overturning” and “except for loss” or “theft”. IMT. 48. AGRICULTURAL AND FORESTRY VEHICLES AND OTHER MISCELLANEOUS VEHICLES WITH TRAILERS ATTACHED-EXTENDED COVER It is hereby declared and agreed that in consideration of an additional premium of `..............................., the indemnity provided by this Policy shall apply in respect of any trailer (including Agricultural Implements such as Ploughs, Harrows and the like) described in the under noted Schedule of trailers as though it were a vehicle described in the Schedule and had set against it in the Schedule the value set against it in the under noted Schedule of trailers. Provided that the Insurer shall be under no liability under Section I of the Policy in respect of breakage of any part of the agricultural trailer or implements caused by ground obstructions. Schedule of Trailers * Description Insured’s Declared value (IDV) * Insert make, number or some other means of identification. Threshing Machines, Drums, Bailing Machines, Trusses and Tiers must be identified as such. Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. NOTE : In the case of Liability only Policies, the Endorsement must be suitably amended. IMT. 49. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY TO THE PUBLIC WORKING RISK (Except as required by the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988) It is hereby declared and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988,the Insurer shall be under no liability under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability incurred by the Insured arising out of the operation as a tool of the Motor Vehicle or of plant forming part of the Motor Vehicle or attached thereto. -11 UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 IMT. 50. CINEMA FILM RECORDING AND PUBLICITY VANS 2. Damage to property resulting from the manufacture construction It is hereby understood and agreed that not withstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Policy, the insurer shall be under no liability in respect of loss or damage to cinematic photographic or sound equipment costumes or any other technical property fixtures and fittings on the Motor Vehicle, unless they are firmly and permanently fixed to the body of the vehicle and are not detachable from time to time. IMT. 51. MOBILE SHOPS/CANTEENS AND MOBILE SURGERIES/ DISPENSARIES It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Policy the insurer shall be under no liability in respect of *a. Loss of or damage to ..... ** on the motor vehicle. b. Death of or bodily injury to or illness of any person caused by or through or in connection with or arising from i. Poisoning of any kind or foreign or deleterious matter in food or drink ii. Anything harmful in the condition of any goods supplied at or from the motor vehicle or the defective condition of the container of such goods iii. Anything harmful in the condition of any goods supplied at or from the motor vehicle or defective in any treatment given at or from the motor vehicle Notes: * For Liability only Policies omit proviso (a) **1. In the case of “Mobile Shops and Canteens” insert the words “Utensils or stock-in-trade” and omit (iii) 2. In the case of “Mobile Surgeries/Dispensaries” insert the words “Surgical instruments medical appliances or supplies”. IMT. 52. EXCLUSION OF DAMAGE WHILE IN USE AS A TOOL OF TRADE It is hereby declared and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 the insurer shall be under no liability under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising out of the operation as a tool of the motor vehicle or of plant forming part of the vehicle insured or attached thereto. IMT. 53. SPECIFIED ATTACHMENTS (Special Type Vehicles) It is hereby declared and agreed that while any attachment in the under noted .Schedule of attachments. is attached to the Motor Vehicle or is detached and out of use the indemnity provided by this Policy shall apply in respect of any such attachment as though it were the Motor Vehicle and had set against it in the Schedule the value set against it in the under noted .Schedule of Attachments Schedule of Trailers * Description Insured’s Declared value (IDV) * Insert make, number or some other means of identification. NOTE: In the case of pedestrian controlled tractors insert in ‘Description’ in the Schedule of Attachments “any standard attachment of the ... Tractor supplied by the makers”. IMT. 54. MOBILE PLANT (Inclusion of Liability to the Public Working Risk Where Tool of Trade is used only for work performed in or upon the Vehicle or Trailer.) It is hereby declared and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, the Insurer shall be under no liability under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability arising out of: 1. The explosion of any vessel under pressure being part of plant attached to or forming part of the Motor Vehicle. 2. The operation other than in or upon the Motor Vehicle forming part of or attached to 3. The Motor Vehicle. IMT. 55. MOBILE PLANT INCLUSION OF LIABILITY TO THE PUBLIC WORKING RISK (All Other Cases) It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Policy the insurer shall be under no liability under Section II in respect of alteration repair or treatment of such property by the insured. 3. Death injury or damage caused by or through property on which the insured has carried out any process of manufacture, construction alteration or repair or treatment. It is further understood and agreed that except so far as is necessary to meet the requirements of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988, the insurer shall be under no liability under Section II of this Policy in respect of liability incurred by the insured arising out of the explosion of any vessel under pressure being part of plant attached to or forming part of the vehicle insured. IMT. 56. TRAILERS (Road Transit Only) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood and agreed that insurance by Section I and II of this Policy shall extend to the Motor Vehicle (mechanically propelled or otherwise) attached to the Motor Vehicle for the purpose of being towed Provided always that 1. The insurer shall not be liable under this Policy in respect of damage to property conveyed by the towed vehicle. 2. The insurer shall not be liable under this Policy in respect of accident loss damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred whilst the vehicle insured is towing a greater number of vehicles than is permitted by law. IMT. 57. MOTORISED TWO WHEELERS (Motor Trade Only) It is hereby declared and agreed that Item 5 in the Schedule to this Policy is deemed to have been deleted and the following substituted there for : The Motor Vehicle : Any Motorised Two Wheeler (including sidecar attached thereto) the property of the insured or insured’s custody or control whilst bearing Trade Certificate No........... It is further declared and agreed that the words “Motor Vehicle” Wherever they appear are deemed to have been deleted and substituted by the words ‘Motorised Two Wheeler’.. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. IMT. 58. LOAN OR HIRE OF MOTOR CARS, MOTORISED TWO WHEELERS, MOTOR VEHICLES TO CUSTOMERS BY MOTOR DEALERS (Motor Trade Only) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood and agreed that the Motor Car(s), Motorised Two wheelers, Motor Vehicle(s) described in the Schedule hereto may be let out on loan or hire to insured’s customers when their vehicle(s) is/are under repair with the insured. Provided that the insured agrees to record in a register for the purposes of this policy the date of loan or hire of such vehicle(s), its Make and Registered Number (or Chassis Number if the loaned/hired vehicle itself is not registered) and the duration of the loan or hire and to submit to the insurer within one month of the expiry of each period of insurance a statement of the total number of days each loaned/hired vehicle was in use. Provided also that the premium for this Policy shall be subject to adjustment on expiry of each period of insurance. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. IMT. 59. PRIVATE USE OF VEHICLE BY MEMBER/DIRECTOR/EMPLOYEE OF THE INSURED (Motor Trade only) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `............. and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary it is hereby understood and agreed that this Policy shall be operative whilst the vehicle insured is being used by the insured or with the permission of the insured by a Member Director or employee of the insured for social domestic or pleasure purposes. Whilst the vehicle insured is being so used the insurer will in terms of and subject to the limitations of and for the purpose of Section II of this policy treat as though he were the insured person using the vehicle insured provided that such person : 1. Is not entitled to indemnity under any other policy; 2. Shall as though he/she were the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms provisions conditions and endorsements of this policy in so far as they apply; 3. Has not been refused any Motor Vehicle Insurance or continuance 1. Death injury or damage caused by or resulting from thereof by any insurer. a. Subsidence flooding or water pollution. b. Damage to pipes or cables arising out of the operation as a tool of the vehicle insured or of any plant forming part of vehicle insured or attached thereto. -12 Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 IMT. 60. DEMONSTRATION-DRIVING EXTENSION (Applicable to Motor Trade Policies Only) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `............. and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood and agreed that the policy shall be operative whilst the vehicles are being driven for the purpose of demonstration by person(s) not in the employment of the insured provided he/she/they is/are driving with the insured’s permission and is/are accompanied by the insured or by any person(s) in the insured’s employment. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. IMT. 61. TUITION -Driving Extension (Applicable only to Motor Trade Policies issued on named driver basis.) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `.............................. and notwithstanding anything to the contrary it is hereby understood and agreed that the policy shall be operative whilst the vehicles insured are being used for purpose of demonstration or tuition by any other person, provided he/she is driving with the insured’s permission and is accompanied by a named driver mentioned in the