of Add on features • • *Proposer for Motor Floater is defined as an individual who can pool their-own or their family member’s vehicles in a single policy using the Motor Floater add-on. Family shall mean & include the proposer and any one or more of the family members as mentioned below: (i) legally wedded spouse. (ii) Parents and Parents-in-law. (iii) Children (i.e. natural or legally adopted) (iv) And siblings of the proposer • Sum Insured for the purpose of Motor Floater Add-on would mean Summation of Insured declared value (IDV) of each of the vehicles covered in the floater policy will be the Motor Floater Sum-Insured**. *IDV is defined as the amount which is determined and agreed upon between the insurer and the proposer/insured with respect to any insured vehicle at the inception of the policy period, up to which indemnification shall be allowed in case of loss in any single incidence/event. **Motor Floater Sum-Insured is defined as the maximum amount in case of any single incidence/event, available to be utilised by any/all the vehicles covered under the Floater Policy subject to the individual vehicle IDV. The Sum Insured can change on renewal or with mid-term inclusion & exclusion of a vehicle. Proposer/ insured can add a new vehicle to the motor floater during the currency of the policy provided that it falls under the preview of the add-on. Premium for such vehicle included shall be paid by proposer/ insured as a separate charge calculated on pro rata basis for the remaining period of the policy. The floater sum insured would get increased to the extent of IDV of new vehicles added. • Mid Term exclusion of vehicles Mid Term exclusion may be necessitated by total loss/ Constructive Total Loss (CTL)/ total-theft of a vehicle or sale of any one or more of the vehicles by the insured included in the floater add on. In case of Sale/ ownership transfer of any one of the vehicle, refund would be done as per terms of the base policy. In case of total loss/CTL/total-theft of any vehicle, the floater add on would continue with the remaining vehicles in the policy. For the above scenarios, floater sum insured would get decreased to the extent of IDV of the excluded vehicles. Other coverage & Exclusions would be as per the base policy. Cancellations & endorsements as applicable would be guided as per the base policy terms & conditions. Telematics UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0017V01202223 STANDARD FORM Whereas the insured by a proposal and declaration dated as stated in the Schedule which shall be the basis of this contract and is deemed to be incorporated herein has applied to the Company for the Add-on cover hereinafter contained and has paid the premium mentioned in the schedule as consideration for such cover in respect of accidental loss or damage occurring to the insured vehicle during the period of insurance. NOW THIS ADDON WITNESSETH That subject to the Terms Exceptions and Conditions contained herein or endorsed or expressed hereon;