IMT. 1. Extension of Geographical Area In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `....................it is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy to the contrary the Geographical Area in this Policy shall from the ... /... /....... to the ... /... /.......(both days inclusive) be deemed to include.* It is further specifically understood and agreed that such geographical extension excludes cover for damage to the vehicle insured/ injury to its occupants/third party liability in respect of the vehicle insured during sea voyage/air passage for the purpose of ferrying the vehicle insured to the extended geographical area. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. NOTE : Insert Nepal/ Sri Lanka/Maldives/Bhutan/ Pakistan/Bangladesh as the case may be. IMT. 2. AGREED VALUE CLAUSE (APPLICABLE ONLY TO VINTAGE CARS) It is hereby declared and agreed that in case of TOTAL LOSS/CONSTRUCTIVE TOTAL LOSS of the Vintage Car insured hereunder due to a peril insured against, the amount payable will be the Insured’s Declared Value (IDV) of the vehicle as mentioned in the Policy without deduction of any depreciation. It is further declared and agreed that in case of partial loss to the vehicle, depreciation on parts replaced will be as stated in Section I of the Policy. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. IMT. 3. TRANSFER OF INTEREST It is hereby understood and agreed that as from ...../...../......... the interest in the policy is transferred to and vested in .......of ....... carrying on or engaged in the business or profession of ...... who shall be deemed to be the insured and whose proposal and declaration dated ....../........./............. shall be deemed to be incorporated in and to be the basis of this contract. Provided always that for the purpose of the No Claim Bonus, no period during which the interest in this policy has been vested in any previous Insured shall accrue to the benefit of. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. IMT. 4. Change of Vehicle It is hereby understood and agreed that as from ....../........./............. the vehicle bearing Registration Number ...... is deemed to be deleted from the Schedule of the Policy and the vehicle with details specified hereunder is deemed to be included therein 4. The insured shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard the vehicle from loss or damage and to maintain it in efficient condition and the Company shall have at all times free and full access to examine the vehicle or any part thereof or any driver or employee of the insured. In the event of any accident or breakdown, the vehicle shall not be left unattended without proper precautions being taken to prevent further damage or loss and if the vehicle be driven before the necessary repairs are effected any extension of the damage or any further damage to the vehicle shall be entirely at the insured’s own risk. 5. The Company may cancel the policy by sending seven days notice by recorded delivery to the insured at insured’s last known address and in such event will return to the insured the premium paid less the pro rata portion thereof for the period the Policy has been in force or the policy may be cancelled at any time by the insured on seven days. notice by recorded delivery and provided no claim has arisen during the currency of the policy, the insured shall be entitled to a return of premium less premium at the Company’s Short Period rates for the period the Policy has been in force. Return of the premium by the company will be subject to retention of the minimum premium of `100/- (or ` 25/-in respect of vehicles specifically designed/modified for use by blind/handicapped/ mentally challenged persons). Where the ownership of the vehicle is transferred, the policy cannot be cancelled unless evidence that the vehicle is insured elsewhere is produced. 6. If at the time of occurrence of an event that gives rise to any claim under this policy there is in existence any other insurance covering the same liability, the Company shall not be liable to pay or contribute more than its ratable proportion of any compensation, cost or expense. 7. The parties to the contract may mutually agree and enter into a separate Arbitration Agreement to settle any and all disputes in relation to this policy. Arbitration shall be conducted under and in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. (only applicable to corporate customers) 8. The due observance and fulfillment of the terms, conditions and endorsements of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by the insured and the truth of the statements and answers in the said proposal shall be conditions precedent to any liability of the Company to make any payment under this Policy. 9. In the event of the death of the sole insured, this policy will not immediately lapse but will remain valid for a period of three months from the date of the death of insured or until the expiry of this policy (whichever is earlier). During the said period, legal heir(s) of the insured to whom the custody and use of the Motor Vehicle passes may apply to have this Policy transferred to the name(s) of the heir(s) or obtain a new insurance policy for the Motor Vehicle. Where such legal heir(s) desire(s) to apply for transfer of this policy or obtain a new policy for the vehicle such heir(s) should make an application to the Company accordingly within the aforesaid period. All such applications should be accompanied by: a. Death Certificate in respect of the insured b. Proof of title to the vehicle Original Policy. NO CLAIM BONUS : No Claim Bonus, wherever applicable, will be as per the following table. ALL TYPES OF VEHICLES % OF DISCOUNT ON OWN DAMAGE PREMIUM No claim made or pending during the preceding full year of insurance No claim made or pending during the preceding 2 consecutive years of insurance 20% 25% -3 UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 Regd No. Engine/ Chassis No. Make Type of Body C.C. Year of Manufacture IDV Seating Capacity Including Driver In consequence of this change, an extra/refund premium of `............ is charged/allowed to the insured. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. IMT. 5. HIRE PURCHASE AGREEMENT It is hereby understood and agreed that .................. (hereinafter referred to as the Owners) are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is subject of an Hire Purchase Agreement made between the Owners on the one part and the insured on the other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Owners are interested in any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to the insured under this policy in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Owners as long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the insurer in respect of such loss or damage. It is further declared and agreed that for the purpose of the Personal Accident Cover for the owner-driver granted under this policy, the insured named in the policy will continue to be deemed as the owner-driver subject to compliance of provisions of the policy relating to this cover. Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect the rights and liabilities of the insured or the insurer respectively under or in connection with this Policy. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. IMT. 6. LEASE AGREEMENT It is hereby understood and agreed that .............. (hereinafter referred to as the Lessors) are the Owners of the vehicle insured and that the vehicle insured is the subject of a Lease Agreement made between the Lessor on the one part and the insured on the other part and it is further understood and agreed that the Lessors are interested in any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to the insured under this policy in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Lessors as long as they are the Owners of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the insurer in respect of such loss or damage. It is also understood and agreed that notwithstanding any provision in the Leasing Agreement to the contrary, this policy is issued to the insured namely ...... as the principal party and not as agent or trustee and nothing herein contained shall be construed as constituting the insured an agent or trustee for the Lessors or as an assignment (whether legal or equitable) by the insured to the Lessors, of his rights benefits and claims under this policy and further nothing herein shall be construed as creating or vesting any right in the Owner/Lessor to sue the insurer in any capacity whatsoever for any alleged breach of its obligations hereunder. It is further declared and agreed that for the purpose of the Personal Accident Cover for the owner-driver granted under this policy, the insured named in the policy will continue to be deemed as the owner-driver subject to compliance of provisions of the policy relating to this cover. Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed nothing herein shall modify or affect the rights and liabilities of the insured or the insurer respectively under or in connection with this Policy. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. IMT. 7. Vehicles subject to Hypothecation Agreement It is hereby declared and agreed that the vehicle insured is pledged to/hypothecated with................... (hereinafter referred to as the Pledgee) and it is further understood and agreed that the Pledgee is interested in any monies which but for this Endorsement would be payable to the insured under this policy in respect of such loss or damage to the vehicle insured as cannot be made good by repair and/or replacement of parts and such monies shall be paid to the Pledgee as long as they are the Pledgee of the vehicle insured and their receipt shall be a full and final discharge to the insurer in respect of such loss or damage. -4 It is further declared and agreed that for the purpose of the Personal Accident Cover for the owner-driver granted under this policy, the insured named in the policy will continue to be deemed as the owner-driver subject to compliance of provisions of the policy relating to this cover. Save as by this Endorsement expressly agreed that nothing herein shall modify or affect the rights or liabilities of the Insured or the Insurer respectively under or in connection with this Policy or any term, provision or condition thereof. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. IMT. 8. DISCOUNT FOR MEMBERSHIP OF RECOGNISED AUTOMOBILE ASSOCIATIONS (PRIVATE CARS AND MOTORISED TWO WHEELERS ONLY) It is hereby understood and agreed that in consideration of insured’s membership of ......** a discount in premium of ` ....................* is allowed to the insured hereunder from ... /... /....... It is further understood and agreed that if the insured ceases to be a member of the above mentioned association during the currency of this Policy the insured shall immediately notify the insurer accordingly and refund to the insurer a proportionate amount of the discount allowed on this account for the unexpired period of the cover. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of the policy * For full policy period, the full tariff discount to be inserted. For mid-term membership, prorata proportion of the tariff discount for the unexpired policy period is to be inserted. ** Insert name of the concerned Automobile Association. IMT. 9. DISCOUNT FOR VINTAGE CARS (Applicable to Private Cars only) It is hereby understood and agreed that in consideration of the insured car having been certified as a Vintage Car by the Vintage and Classic Car Club of India, a discount of ` ......................* is allowed to the insured from ........ /......... /........... Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of the policy *Amount calculated as per tariff provision is to be inserted. For mid-term certification as Vintage Car pro-rata proportion of tariff discount for the unexpired period is to be inserted. IMT. 10. INSTALLATION OF ANTI-THEFT DEVICE (Not applicable to Motor Trade Policies) In consideration of certification by .......* that an Anti-Theft device approved by Automobile Research Association of India (ARAI), Pune has been installed in the vehicle insured herein a premium discount of `...............................** is hereby allowed to the insured. It is hereby understood and agreed that the insured shall ensure at all times that this Anti-theft device installed in the vehicle insured is maintained in efficient condition till the expiry of this policy. Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of the policy * The name of the certifying Automobile Association is to be inserted. ** Premium discount calculated as per tariff provision is to be inserted. For mid-term certification of installation of Anti Theft device pro-rata proportion of tariff discount for the unexpired period is to be inserted. IMT. 11. A. VEHICLES LAID UP ( Lay up period declared ) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood and agreed that from ........ /......... /........... to ........ /......... /........... the vehicle insured is laid up in garage and not in use and during this period all liability of the insurer under this policy in respect of the vehicle insured is suspended SAVE ONLY IN RESPECT OF LOSS OR DAMAGE TO THE SAID VEHICLE CAUSED BY FIRE EXPLOSION SELF-IGNITION OR LIGHTNING OR BURGLARY, HOUSEBREAKING, THEFT OR RIOT STRIKE MALICIOUS DAMAGE TERRORISM OR STORM TEMPEST FLOOD INUNDATION OR EARTHQUAKE PERILS, in consideration whereof 1. # The insurer will deduct from the next renewal premium the sum of `..........................* and the No Claim Bonus (if any) shall be calculated on the next renewal premium after deduction of such sum. 2. # The period of insurance by this policy is extended to ........ /......... /........... in view of the payment of an additional premium of `...............................** Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. NB.1. # To delete (a) or (b) as per option exercised by the insured. NB.2. *The proportionate full policy premium for the period of lay up less the proportionate premium for the Fire and/or Theft risks for the lay up periods is to be inserted. UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 NB.3 ** The proportionate premium required for Fire and/or Theft cover for the vehicle for the laid up period is to be inserted. NB.4. In case of Liability Only Policies the words in CAPITALS should be deleted. NB.5. In case of policies covering Liability Only and 1. Fire risks, the words ‘BURGLARY HOUSEBREAKING OR THEFT’ are to be deleted; 2. Theft risks, the words ‘FIRE EXPLOSION SELF IGNITION OR LIGHTNING’ are to be deleted. 3. Fire and Theft risks no part of the words in capitals are to be deleted. IMT. 11. B. VEHICLES LAID UP ( Lay up period not declared ) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood and agreed that as from ........ /......... /........... the vehicle no. ........... insured hereunder is laid up in garage and not in use and liability of the insurer under this policy in respect of the said vehicle is suspended SAVE ONLY IN RESPECT OF LOSS OR DAMAGE TO THE SAID VEHICLE CAUSED BY FIRE EXPLOSION SELF-IGNITION OR LIGHTNING OR BURGLARY, HOUSEBREAKING, THEFT OR RIOT STRIKE MALICIOUS DAMAGE TERRORISM OR STORM TEMPEST FLOOD INUNDATION OR EARTHQUAKE PERILS. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this Policy. NB.1. In case of Liability Only Policies the words in CAPITALS should be deleted. NB.2. In case of policies covering Liability Only and 1. Fire risks, the words ‘BURGLARY HOUSEBREAKING OR THEFT’ are to be deleted; 2. Theft risks, the words ‘FIRE EXPLOSION SELF IGNITION OR LIGHTNING’ are to be deleted. 3. Fire and Theft risks no part of the words in capitals are to be deleted. IMT. 11. C. TERMINATION OF THE UNDECLARED PERIOD OF VEHICLE LAID UP It is hereby understood and agreed that the insurance by this Policy in respect of vehicle no. full from ........ /......... /........... and the Endorsement IMT 11(B) attaching to this policy shall be deemed to be cancelled. It is further agreed that in consideration of the period during which the vehicle no. ......... has been out of use insured hereunder is reinstated ..... in 1. # The insurer will deduct from the next renewal premium the sum of `.........................* and the No Claim Bonus (if any) shall be calculated on the next renewal premium after deduction of such sum. 2. # The period of insurance by this policy is extended to ..../..../....... in view of the payment of an additional premium of `...............................** Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. NB.1. # To delete (a) or (b) as per option exercised by the insured. NB.2. * The proportionate full policy premium for the period of lay up less the proportionate premium for the Fire a nd /or Theft risks for the lay up periods is to be inserted. NB.3 ** The proportionate premium required for Fire and/or Theft cover for the vehicle for the laid-up period is to be inserted. IMT. 12. DISCOUNT FOR SPECIALLY DESIGNED/MODIFIED VEHICLES FOR THE BLIND, HANDICAPPED AND MENTALLY CHALLENGED PERSONS. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that the vehicle insured being specially designed /modified for use of blind, handicapped and mentally challenged persons and suitable endorsement to this effect having been incorporated in the Registration Book by the Registering Authority, a discount of 50% on the Own Damage premium for the vehicle insured is hereby allowed to the insured. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of the policy. IMT. 14. USE OF VEHICLE CONFINED TO SITES (Applicable to Goods Carrying Vehicles) It is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer shall not be liable in respect of the vehicle insured while it is being used elsewhere than on site to which the public have no general right of access and the vehicle is not required to be registered under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. IMT. 15. PERSONAL ACCIDENT COVER TO THE INSURED OR ANY NAMED PERSON OTHER THAN PAID DRIVER OR CLEANER (Applicable to private cars including three wheelers rated as private cars and motorized two wheelers with or without side car [not for hire or reward) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby agreed and understood that the Company undertakes to pay compensation on the scale provided below for bodily injury as hereinafter defined sustained by the insured person in direct connection with the vehicle insured or whilst mounting and dismounting from or traveling in vehicle insured and caused by violent accidental external and visible means which independently of any other cause shall within six calendar months of the occurrence of such injury result in: Nature of injury (i) Death (ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb and sight of one eye. (iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye (iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other than named above. Scale of compensation 100% 100% 50% 100% Provided always that (1) Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `...............................* during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. (2) No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs. (3) Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. * The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per passenger is to be inserted. IMT. 16. PERSONAL ACCIDENT TO UNNAMED PASSENGERS OTHER THAN INSURED AND THE PAID DRIVER AND CLEANER {For vehicles rated as Private cars and Motorised two wheelers (not for hire or reward) with or without side car} In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer undertakes to pay compensation on the scale provided below for bodily injuries hereinafter defined sustained by any passenger other than the insured and/or the paid driver attendant or cleaner and/or a person in the employ of the insured coming within the scope of the Workmen’s Compensation Act, 1923 and subsequent amendments of the said Act and engaged in and upon the service of the insured at the time such injury is sustained whilst mounting into, dismounting from or traveling in the insured motor car and caused by violent, accidental, external and visible means which independently of any other cause shall within three calendar months of the occurrence of such injury result in : Nature of injury IMT. 13. USE OF VEHICLE WITHIN INSURED’S OWN PREMISES (Applicable to all classes except as otherwise provided in the tariff) (i) Death It is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer shall not be liable in respect of the vehicle insured while the vehicle is being used elsewhere than in the insured’s premises except where the vehicle is specifically required for a mission to fight a fire. For the purposes of this endorsement ‘Use confined to own premises’ shall mean use only on insured’s premises to which public have no general right of access. -5 (ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb and sight of one eye. (iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye (iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other than named above. Scale of compensation 100% 100% 50% 100% UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 Provided always that: (1) Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `..............................* during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. (2) No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs. (3) Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. (4) Not more than....** persons/passengers are in the vehicle insured at the time of occurrence of such injury. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. * The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per passenger is to be inserted. ** The registered sitting capacity of the vehicle insured is to be inserted. IMT. 17. PERSONAL ACCIDENT COVER TO PAID DRIVERS, CLEANERS AND CONDUCTORS: (Applicable to all classes of vehicles) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium, it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer undertakes to pay compensation on the scale provided below for bodily injury as hereinafter defined sustained by the paid driver/cleaner/conductor in the employ of the insured in direct connection with the vehicle insured whilst mounting into dismounting from or traveling in the insured vehicle and caused by violent accidental external and visible means which independently of any other cause shall within six calendar months of the occurrence of such injury result in : Nature of injury (i) Death (ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb and sight of one eye. (iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye (iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other than named above. Provided always that Scale of compensation 100% 100% 50% 100% 1. Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `..............................* during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. 2. No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs. 3. Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. * The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per person is to be inserted. IMT. 18. PERSONAL ACCIDENT TO UNNAMED HIRER AND UNNAMED PILLION PASSENGERS (Applicable to Motorised Two wheelers with or without side Car) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood and agreed that the insurer undertakes to pay compensation to any unnamed hirer/driver/any unnamed pillion/sidecar passenger* on the scale provided below for bodily injury caused by violent, accidental, external and visible means whilst mounting into/onto and/or dismounting from or traveling in/on the vehicle insured which independently of any other cause shall within three calendar months of the occurrence of such injury results in : -6 Nature of injury (i) Death (ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb and sight of one eye. (iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye (iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other than named above. Scale of compensation 100% 100% 50% 100% Provided always that: (1) Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in respect of any such person arising out of any one occurrence and total liability of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of `.................** during any one period of insurance in respect of any such person. (2) No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or injury directly or indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (a) intentional self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (b) an accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs. (3) Such compensation shall be payable only with the approval of the insured named in the policy and directly to the injured person or his/her legal representative(s) whose receipt shall be a full discharge in respect of the injury of such person. (4) Not more than .... persons/passengers are in the vehicle insured at the time of occurrence of such injury. Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitations of this policy. * Delete if P.A. cover for unnamed pillion/side car passenger is not taken. ** The Capital Sum Insured (CSI) per passenger is to be inserted. IMT. 19. COVER FOR VEHICLES IMPORTED WITHOUT CUSTOMS DUTY Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this policy it is hereby understood and agreed that in the event of loss or damage to the vehicle insured and/or its accessories necessitating the supply of a part not obtainable from stocks held in the country in which the vehicle insured is held for repair or in the event of the insurer exercising the option under ...., * to pay in cash the amount of the loss or damage the liability of the insurer in respect of any such part shall be limited to :1. a. The price quoted in the latest catalogue or the price list issued by the Manufacturer or his Agent for the country in which the vehicle insured is held for repair less depreciation applicable; OR If no such catalogue or price list exists the price list obtaining at the Manufacturer’s Works plus the reasonable cost of transport otherwise than by air to the country in which the vehicle insured is held for repair and the amount of the relative import duty less depreciation applicable under the Policy; and b. 2. The reasonable cost of fitting such parts. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * Insert ‘Condition 3’ in the case of the Private Car and Motorsied Two Wheeler Policies and ‘Condition 4’ in the case of Commercial Vehicles Policy. IMT. 20. REDUCTION IN THE LIMIT OF LIABILITY FOR PROPERTY DAMAGE It is hereby understood and agreed that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy the insurers liability is limited to ` 6000/(Rupees six thousand only) for damage to property other than the property belonging to the insured or held in trust or in custody or control of the insured. In consideration of this reduction in the limit of liability a reduction in premium of `..........* is hereby made to the insured. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the policy. *To insert ` 50 for Two wheelers, ` 100 for private cars ` 150 for Commercial Vehicles. three wheelers and taxis or ` 200 for Commercial Vehicles (excluding three wheelers and taxis). IMT. 21. SPECIAL