AND COMPULSORY DEDUCTIBLE (Applicable to all Commercial Vehicles excluding taxis and motorized two wheelers carrying passengers for hire or reward.) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein it is hereby understood and agreed that UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 1. Special Exclusions Except in the case of Total Loss of the vehicle insured, the insurer shall not be liable under Section I of the policy for loss of or damage to lamps tyres tubes mudguards bonnet side parts bumpers and paint work. 2. Compulsory Deductible In addition to any amount which the insured may be required to bear under para (a) above the insured shall also bear under section I of the policy in respect of each and every event (including event giving rise to total loss/constructive total loss) the first `.............................* of any expenditure(or any less expenditure which may be incurred) for which provision is made under this policy and/or of any expenditure by the insurer in the exercise of its discretion under Condition No.4 of this policy. If the expenditure incurred by the insurer shall include any amount for which the insured is responsible hereunder such amount shall be repaid by the insured to the insurer forthwith. For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression event shall mean an event or series of events arising out of one cause in connection with the vehicle insured in respect of which indemnity is provided under this policy. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * to insert amount as appropriate to the class of vehicle insured as per GR.40 of the tariff. IMT. 22. COMPULSORY DEDUCTIBLE (Applicable to Private Cars, three wheelers rated as private cars, all motorized two wheelers, taxis, private car type vehicle plying for public/private hire, private type taxi let out on private hire) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the policy it is hereby understood and agreed that the insured shall bear under Section 1 of the policy in respect of each and every event (including event giving rise to a total loss/constructive total loss) the first `.............................* (or any less expenditure which may be incurred) of any expenditure for which provision has been made under this policy and/or of any expenditure by the insurer in the exercise of his discretion under Condition no ...........** of this policy. If the expenditure incurred by the insurer shall include any amount for which the insured is responsible hereunder such amount shall be repaid by the insured to the insurer forthwith. For the purpose of this Endorsement the expression .event. shall mean an event or series of events arising out of one cause in connection with the vehicle insured in respect of which indemnity is provided under this policy. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. *1. To insert amount as appropriate to the class of vehicle insured as per GR.40 of the tariff. 2. In respect of a vehicle rated under the Tariff for Private Car and in respect of a motorised two wheeler not carrying passengers for hire or reward, if any deductible in addition to the compulsory deductible provided in this endorsement is voluntarily borne by the insured, the sum representing the aggregate of the compulsory and the voluntary