. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. IMT. 62. DELETION OF 50% LIMITATION CLAUSE IN RESPECT OF DAMAGE TO TYRES (Applicable to Motor Trade Road Transit Risks Policies only) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `.............................. it is hereby understood and agreed that the words ...when the liability of the Insurer is limited to 50% of the cost of the replacement ..... are hereby deleted from proviso (b) of Section I (1) of the policy. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of the policy. IMT. 63. Restriction of Cover to Liability Risks only (Motor Trade Internal Risks Policy) It is hereby understood and agreed that 1. Section I and II(2)(i) and the word .other. in Section II (2)(ii) of this Policy in the Schedule to this Policy are deemed to be cancelled and 2. The Insurer shall not be liable in respect of damage to the Motor Vehicle or its accessories. IMT. 64. OPEN-AIR CAR PARKS (Motor Trade Internal Risks Only) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium, it is hereby understood and agreed that for the purpose of this Policy the Premises shall be deemed to include the car park at ......* superficial area not exceeding .....** Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. * To insert location ** To insert appropriate area IMT. 65. WORK AWAY FROM PREMISES (Motor Trade Internal Risks Only) In consideration of the payment of an additional premium it is hereby understood and agreed that the premises are deemed to include any place at which the insured is performing work not being premises under the control of the insured provided that the insurer shall not be liable in respect of injury or damage resulting from the driving of the vehicle insured in a public place in INDIA within the meaning of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. Subject otherwise to the terms conditions limitations and exceptions of this Policy. Add-on for Private Car Package Insurance Policy Zero Depreciation UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0368V01200910 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to deduct no amounts for depreciation in case of parts replaced on account of damage to the vehicle insured and/or to its accessories, arising out of any peril as covered under the Policy. Provided always that 1. 2. 3. such claim has been admitted by the Company under Section I - “Loss or Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy, this add-on shall not be applicable in the event of Total Loss/ Constructive Total Loss of the vehicle insured under the Policy, the Insured shall be liable for the Voluntary Deductible* amount, as opted by the Insured for this add-on, for each and every claim payable under this add-on, *Insured can opt for a Voluntary Deductible specifically for this add-on, which will be over and above the deductible applied under the basic Policy. In such a case, the discount will be provided in the premium calculated for this add-on, as indicated in the attached grid-“Voluntary Deductible for Zero Depreciation”. Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. Consumable Items UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0216V01200910 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `....................... by the Insured. It is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the the Insured. It is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the to cover expenses Incurred by the Insured on the Consumable Items in the event of damage to the vehicle insured and/or to its accessories, arising out of any peril as covered under the policy. For the purpose of this endorsement, Consumable Items shall mean those articles or substances which have specific uses and when applied to their respective uses are either consumed totally or are rendered unit for continuous and permanent use. Such Consumable Items will include nut and bolt, screw, washers, grease, lubricants clip, ac gas, bearings, distilled water, engine oil, oil filter, fuel filter, break oil and the like. Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. Garage Cash UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0256V01200910 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `......................... by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to: a. Pay a daily allowance, as stated in the schedule, to the Insured for each and every completed day for which the Insured’s vehicle is under repair in a garage, due to loss/damage to the vehicle on account of a peril covered under the Policy, subject to the maximum number of days as specified in the schedule b. Pay the lump-sum amount as stated in the schedule, in the event of Total loss/Constructive Total Loss of the Insured’s vehicle Provided always that: 1. Such claim is admitted by the Company under Section I -“Loss or Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy 2. The insured vehicle has been under repair for a minimum number of days, as stated in the schedule, post which the claim under this add-on will be payable from the day such vehicle was delivered to the garage In case of theft of the vehicle, the vehicle is not recovered within 90 days from the day of the theft. 3. 4. Not more than three claims will be payable under this add-on 5. Claim under this add-on is intimated to the Company within 24 hours of loss or damage 6. Claim under this add-on is serviced in the authorized garages of the Company 7. The duration for which the Insured’s vehicle is under repair in a garage due to loss/damage to the vehicle, and for which the Company will be liable for claim in respect of this add-on will be reckoned from the day after the insured vehicle is delivered to the Garage till the day immediately preceding the date of discharge or date of invoice for such repair as prepared by the garage, whichever is earlier a. The company will not be liable for any further payment under this add-on for the specific accidental loss or damage once the vehicle is removed from the garage 8. Company will not be liable for any delays on account of- a. Delay of more than 24 hours, in delivering insured vehicle to the garage from the time of occurrence of accidental damage or loss b. Non-availability of spare parts required for repair Subject otherwise to the terms, conditions and limitations of the Policy. NCB Protect UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0294V01200910 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy and in consideration of the payment of an additional premium of `......................... by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that the Insured will be entitled to No Claims Bonus as per the following Table 1, under Section I“Loss or Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy. -13 UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 NCB Benefit in the event of XX claims in the current policy period Number of prior claim free policy years XX = 0 XX = 1 XX = 2 XX = 3 0 1 2 3 4 and above Plan 2- Two Step Down 20% 25% 35% 45% 50% 0% 20% 25% 35% 45% 0% 0% 20% 25% 35% 0% 0% 0% 20% 25% NCB Benefit in the event of XX claims in the current policy period Number of prior claim free policy years XX = 0 XX = 1 XX = 2 XX = 3 0 1 2 3 4 and above 20% 25% 35% 45% 50% 0% 0% 20% 25% 35% 0% 0% 0% 20% 25% 0% 0% 0% 0% 20% Insured shall not be entitled to any No Claim Bonus, if more than three claims are lodged by the Insured during the same Policy Period under Section I - “Loss or Damage to the Vehicles Insured” of the Policy. Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. Return to Invoice UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0329V01200910 In consideration of payment of an additional premium as specified and shown in the Schedule, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to pay the Sum Insured under this add-on, determined as the difference between the Insured’s Declared Value (IDV) of the insured vehicle and the total actual expenses incurred towards acquisition of a new vehicle of similar make and model to the insured, as specified in the on-road price listed by the manufacturer/Dealer upon the occurrence of Total Loss/ Constructive Total Loss as defined in the Policy Provided always that On-road price means the actual expense incurred towards acquisition of a new vehicle and includes the value of factory fitted accessories or car dealer accessories at the time of purchase. On road price will also include any amount paid towards registration of the insured Vehicle, road tax and cost of insuring the vehicle. In case of obsolete models, the last selling price of the vehicle will be considered to pay the Sum Insured under this add-on Subject otherwise to the terms, exceptions, conditions and limitations of this Policy. Engine Protect Plus UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0015V01201213 In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to indemnify the Insured for expenses incurred in repair or replacement due to consequential damages arising out of water ingression/leakage of lubricating oil leading to loss or damage to: • Engine Parts • Differential Parts • Gear Box Parts of the Insured’s vehicle. Provided always that: 1. For the purpose of this add-on, ‘Consequential Damage’ would mean “the damage more specifically expressed hereinabove caused to an insured vehicle not arising directly from an insured peril but as a direct consequence to the same”. -14 2. 3. 4. 5. ‘Engine Parts’ would mean all internal lubricated parts of the engine including pistons, pins and rigs, all pulleys camshaft, followers, cam bearings, connecting rods and bearings, crankshaft and main bearings, dipstick and tube, eccentric shaft, engine heads and engine blocks, engine mounts and cushions, engine torque strut, flywheel and flywheel ring gear, harmonic balancer, intake and exhaust manifolds, oil pan, oil pumps, push rods, valves, springs, guides, seats, and lifters, rocker arms, shafts, and bushings, timing covers, timing gears, chain, belt tensioners, retainers, vacuum pump, valve covers, and water pumps. fuel injection pump (for diesel engines only) and fuel heater (for diesel engines only). ‘Differential Parts’ would mean all internally lubricated parts contained within the differential housing including axle shafts, constant velocity joints, bearings, final drive housing, four wheel drive hubs and bearings, retainers, transaxle housing and universal joints, drive shafts, hub bearings and supports ‘Gear Box Parts’ would mean all internally lubricated parts contained within the transmission case including cooler, cooler lines, filer tubes and dipsticks, internal linkage, mounts, oil pans, torque convertor, transfer case, transmission and transfer case, transmission park base assembly, vacuum modulator, gear shafts, and gear box. In case of an accident, payment under this add-on would be made only when there is evidence of under carriage damage to Engine Parts and/or Gear Box Parts and/or Differential Parts leading to oil leakage and resulting into damage to covered parts as mentioned above. 6. The Company would not be liable for: a) Any claims where the subject matter of claims is covered under any other type of insurance policy with any other insurer or manufacturer’s warranty including recall campaign or under any other such packages at the same time. b) Cost of lubricants in case of loss due to leakage and flushing of consumables. c) Any claim which is intimated to the Company after 30 days of the happening of loss or damage. d) Any claim where the repair has been carried out without prior approval from the Company e) Any claims related to loss or damage due to wear and tear Road Side Assistance UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0027V01201213 In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to provide the Insured, upon his request, with a maximum of four claims related to any one or more of the following emergency assistance services during the Policy Period, in any area where the Company has its presence through its network garages or through the network of the service provider: 1. Towing on breakdown/accident: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized or rendered unfit for the purpose of driving on the road, the Company would provide appropriate towing services to the nearest garage (within a radius of 50 kms from the location of the breakdown/accident), provided always that any charges for a distance beyond the one mentioned herein shall be borne by the Insured. 2. Breakdown support over phone: In the event of minor mechanical errors/faults/non-functioning of the Insured’s vehicle or any part thereof, the Company would provide the Insured with telephonic assistance to come up with solutions for such minor mechanical errors/faults/nonfunctioning of the Insured’s vehicle. 3. Arrangement/Supply of fuel: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to emptying of fuel tank, the Company would arrange for supply of up to five liters of fuel, at the location of the breakdown. Provided always that all labor costs and conveyance costs would be borne by the Company and all expenses on fuel would be borne by the Insured. 4. Emptying of fuel tank: In the event of the fuel tank of the Insured’s vehicle being filled with a wrong type of fuel, the Company would arrange for emptying of fuel tank with the help of appropriate technicians and if required, arrange for towing the Insured’s vehicle to nearest garage for the purpose of emptying the fuel tank, provided always that all charges towards the towing of the vehicle would be borne by the Insured. 5. Arrangement of keys: In the event of the Insured losing the keys of the Insured’s vehicle, the Company would arrange for pick up and delivery of the spare keys of the Insured’s vehicle to the place where the Insured’s vehicle UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 is located. Alternatively, the Company would provide the service of unlocking the Insured’s vehicle with the help of vehicle technicians at the location of the Insured’s vehicle. Provided always that all labour and conveyance costs would be borne by the Company and the Insured would be required to submit an identity proof to prove his ownership of the Insured’s vehicle, before availing such service. Provided always that this service would be provided only within a range of 100 kms from the location where the loss has occurred. 6. Battery jump start: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to a run down battery, the Company would arrange for a vehicle technician to jump start the Insured’s vehicle with appropriate means. Provided always that any cost of charging/replacement of battery would be borne by the Insured and all labour and conveyance costs, towards battery jump start assistance, would be borne by the Company. 7. Message Relay: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle getting immobilized as a result of an accident and/or breakdown, the Company would arrange to send urgent message to the specified persons, as requested by the Insured, through available means of communication. 8. Flat Tyre: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to a flat tyre, the Company would assist the Insured by: a. organizing for a vehicle technician to replace the flat tyre with the spare stepney tyre of the vehicle at the location of breakdown or in the event of repairs not being possible at the place of breakdown b. by arranging to take the flat tyre to the nearest place of repair and delivering the tyre back to the place of breakdown & attaching it to the Insured’s vehicle. Provided always that any expenses on material/spare parts and any other incidental costs, if required while carrying out the repairs, would be borne by the Insured and the expenses on labour cost and conveyance cost, in relation to point (a) and (b) above, would be borne by the Company. 9. Minor Repairs: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to a minor mechanical/electrical fault, the Company would assist the Insured by sending a vehicle technician to the location of breakdown to carry out the Minor Repairs. Provided always that a. The expenses on labour cost and conveyance cost would be borne by the Company b. Minor Repairs, for the purpose of this add-on, would be defined as repairs which can be carried out at the location of breakdown/ accident, requiring no spares and less than 45 minutes of labour time. 10. Arrangement of rental vehicle: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to a breakdown/accident, the Company would facilitate arrangement for alternative mode of conveyance, from the place of breakdown /accident, to the destination, as desired by the Insured at the time of breakdown/accident. The Company would intimate the Insured of all charges payable to the rental vehicle and all such charges would be borne by the Insured. 11. Arrangement of Accommodation: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to a breakdown/accident, the Company would facilitate arrangement for hotel accommodation in a place near the place of breakdown/accident. The Company would intimate the Insured of all charges payable for such accommodation and all such charges would be borne by the Insured. 12. Referring a Legal Advisor: In the event of an accident involving the Insured’s vehicle as a result of which the Insured requires the services of a legal advisor, the Company would arrange for the Insured the telephonic contact details of an appropriate legal advisor belonging to an area as requested by the Insured. Provided always that: i. the breakdown/accident has taken place atleast 50 kms away from the Insured’s place of residence, as per the address declared by the Insured at the time of Policy issuance the Company would intimate the Insured of all charges payable for the services of such legal advisor and all such charges would be borne by the Insured. ii. 13. Referring a Hospital: In the event of an accident involving the Insured’s vehicle as a result of which the Insured and/or any of the travelling passengers requires medical care, the Company would arrange for the Insured the telephonic contact details of an appropriate hospital near the location of accident. Provided always that the breakdown/accident has taken place atleast 50 kms away from the Insured’s place of residence, as per the address declared by the Insured at the time of Policy issuance. -15 14. Taxi Benefits: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to an accident/breakdown, the Company shall provide free travel of the occupants of the Insured vehicles upto a distance of 50 kilometers. Provided always that: a. The event has occurred 50kms away from the Insured’s place of residence as declared by the Insured at the time of policy issuance. b. Any charges for a distance beyond the covered distance as stated above shall be borne by the Insured. In the unlikely event of the Company being unable to arrange for this service, the Company may request the Insured to arrange for the taxi on his own and submit the bill for the pre-authorized amount for reimbursement to the Company. 15. Accommodation Benefits: In the event of the Insured’s vehicle being immobilized due to a an accident/breakdown, the Company shall provide occupants of the Insured vehicle with a hotel accommodation for one day, for a maximum of ` 5000. Provided always that: a. b. c. The breakdown/accident has taken place at least 100 kms away from the Insured’s place of residence, as declared by the Insured at the time of Policy issuance. The required time of repair of the Insured vehicle exceeds 12 hours from the time of the accident/breakdown. The number of individuals seated in the Insured vehicle is not more than the maximum seating capacity of the Insured vehicle. In the unlikely event of Company being unable to arrange for this service, the Company may request the Insured to arrange for accommodation on his own and submit the bill for the pre-authorized amount for reimbursement to the Company. The Company would not be liable for: 1. providing the abovementioned services under conditions of earthquake, war, invasion, rebellion, revolt, riot, civil commotion, civil war, exceptional adverse weather conditions, acts of terrorism, nuclear fission, strike, act(s) of government(s)/government agencies/judicial/ quasi-judicial authorities. 2. any claims where the Insured’s vehicle is being used for the purpose of racing, rallying, motor-sports, or is not being used/driven in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 3. any claim where the Insured’s vehicle can be safely transferred on its own power to the nearest garage/workshop. 4. any claims triggered by theft; any kind of consequential losses. 5. any loss which is covered under any other insurance policy or manufacturer’s warranty or recall campaign or under any other such packages at the same time. 6. any expenses for supply or replacement of parts/consumables. 7. any loss/damage caused to the Insured’s vehicle when it is being used/driven against the recommendations of the owner’s/manufacturer’s manual. 8. any claims where services have been availed of without the prior consent of the Company. Key Protect UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0019V01201213 consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to pay upto an amount as stated in the Schedule, to indemnify the Insured for the cost incurred towards repairing/replacing the car keys and/or locks and/ or lockset, including the locksmith charges, upon the occurrence of theft/burglary/loss of or damage to the keys and/or lock and/or the lockset of the Insured’s vehicle, during the Policy Period. Provided always that 1. Not more than two claims would be payable under this add-on for a Policy Period 2. A claim deductible of 1% of the admissible claim amount would apply for each claim, subject to a minimum of Rs.250. 3. A claim resulting from burglary or theft is supported by a First Information Report (FIR) with the Police 4. The replaced keys/lock/lockset should be of same nature and kind as the one for which the claim is being made 5. Any loss or damage to the keys/lock/lockset is reported to the Company within 30 days of such loss or damage UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 6. Replacement of key(s) only would be done only for broken or damaged keys. In case of theft of key(s), entire set comprising of key, lock and lockset would be replaced. 7. The Company would not be liable for: a. Any claim within the first 5 days of the happening of loss. However, in cases related to theft/burglary, this exclusion would not be applicable b. Any damage/loss to keys/lock/lockset due to malicious activities, any deliberate or criminal act c. Any loss or damage to the lock or lockset prior to the loss or theft of keys d. Any loss or damage to the lock only e. Any loss or damage covered under the manufacturer’s warranty f. Any claim where the Insured is not able to provide the invoices/ receipts for the payments made g. Any loss or damage caused by radiation, radioactive contamination or the hazardous properties of any explosive, corrosive, invasive or toxic substance or material. h. Any loss or destruction of, or damage to, any part of the Insured’s vehicle other than the keys of the Insured’s vehicle, its associated lock, ignition system, any immobilizer, infra-red handset and/or alarm attached to the fob. i. Loss or damage caused by war, invasion, foreign enemy hostilities (whether war is declared or not), civil war, terrorism, rebellion, revolution, military force or coup, or the actions of any lawful government or public or local authority. j. Any kind of consequential losses Loss of Personal Belongings UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0021V01201213 Plan A In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to indemnify the Insured, upto an amount as stated in the Schedule, for the loss of his personal belongings on account of damage to or theft from the Insured’s vehicle. Provided always that: 1. A deductible of Rs. 500 would be applicable for each claim under this add -on 2. A First Investigation Report (FIR) is registered with the Police for such loss 3. The Company would not be liable for: 5. A First Investigation Report (FIR) is registered with the Police for such loss 6. The Company would not be liable for: a. Any loss in open top or convertible cars unless the belongings are kept in the locked boot b. Any loss of money, securities, cheques, bank drafts, credit or debit cards, jewellery, gems, stones, contact lens, glasses, travel tickets, watches, valuables, manuscripts, paintings, work of art. c. Any loss of the personal belongings unless the Insured’s vehicle is locked and all doors & windows are properly fastened while unattended. d. Any loss of or damage to belongings carried in connection with any trade or business e. Any theft from vehicles parked in no-parking zone and from unattended vehicle after accident f. Any claim for a laptop/mobile phone not declared at the time of Policy issuance. g. Any claim intimated to the Company after 30 days of such loss. Any amount more than the market value of the mobile phones or laptops as stated at the time of Policy issuance, deducted appropriately for depreciation as per the Section 32 of Income Tax Act. Tyre Protect UIN IRDAN115RP0017V01200102/A0001V01201819 In consideration of the payment of an additional premium as specified and shown in the policy schedule, the Company will cover expenses for repair and/or replacement, as may be necessitated arising out of accidental loss or damage to tyre(s) and/or tube(s) due to, 1. Tyre side wall indentations due to external impact 2. Tyre burst due to incorrect air pressure 3. Damaged to tyre(s) and/or tubes due to external impact The company will cover reimbursement of repair and/or replacement as per the scale given below: 1. Where repair of the damaged tyre is possible - Cost of repair 2. Where repair of the damaged tyre is not possible - As per scale mentioned below: Unused Tread Depth* >=7mm >=5mm to <7mm >=3mm to <5mm Reimbursement % of cost of new tyre(s) and/or tube(s) 100% 75% 50% 0% a. Any loss in open top or convertible cars unless the belongings are kept <3mm in the locked boot b. Any loss of money, securities, cheques, bank drafts, credit or debit cards, jewellery, gems, stones, contact lens, glasses, travel tickets, watches, laptops, mobiles, valuables, manuscripts, paintings, work of art. c. Any loss of the personal belongings unless the Insured’s vehicle is locked and all doors & windows are properly fastened while unattended. d. Any loss of or damage to belongings carried in connection with any trade or business e. Any theft from vehicles parked in no-parking zone and from unattended vehicle after accident f. Any claim intimated to the Company after 30 days of such loss. Plan B In consideration of payment of an additional premium of Rs___________ by the Insured, it is hereby agreed and declared that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, the Company hereby undertakes to indemnify the Insured, upto an amount as stated in the Schedule, for the loss of his personal belongings, including mobile phones and/or laptops, on account of damage to or theft from the Insured’s Vehicle. Provided always that: 4. A deductible of Rs.500 would be applicable for each claim under this addon, except when the claim is being made only for mobile phones and/or laptops -16 *Unused Tread depth will be measured at the centre of the tread. Minimum 4 measurements at 4 different places will be taken for the purpose of arriving at mean tread depth which will be the basis of indemnity under the