: Telematics Add-on shall be offered with the Base Motor Insurance policy,of either Private car or Two Wheeler and all covers, regulations and exclusions of the base motor policy would apply to the policy with Telematics add-on also. Plans under Telematics Add-on (Add-on would be applicable to Section 1 of the policy only i.e Motor Own Damage, Fire & Theft) 1) Pay As You Use (PAYU) plan: This Add-on would convert the base motor product into an Asset cum Usage based product. The Premium charged for the insurance of the base motor vehicle would depend partially on the usage i.e., Kilometres clocked or estimated Kilometres to be clocked during the tenure of the policy. • The Add-on would be offered with Base product, covering different Kilometer ranges as opted by the Insured. Insured will have an option to top-up for additional Kilometers (by paying additional premium) once the Kilometers opted in the Initial plan is exhausted during the policy period. -19 UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 • • The Kilometer based plan (initial & top-ups) would cover only the perils against section-1 of the policy, i.e. Motor Own-damage, Fire & Theft. The Add-on will be effective for the same period as the Motor Own Damage under section 1 of the policy unless and until stated other-wise, however coverage in the policy would be valid only when purchased Kilometers remains partially or fully un-used at the time of occurrence of loss. Terms of PAYU coverage: a) This Add-on is offered on Kilometer based usage, i.e. the premium will be charged based on opted plans of different Kilometer ranges. b) Insured can opt for any offered Kilometer range as per his/her requirement. If the initially purchased kilometers are exhausted, Insured may top-up the add-on (from the available top-up options) at any time during the policy period, subject to additional payment of premium thereto. c) Any claim reported under Section 1 of the policy after exhaustion of purchased Kilometers (initial or top-up) will not be covered. However, keeping practical scenarios in view, 100 (one hundred) grace Kilometers would be offered after exhaustion of purchased kilometers (only for accident cases & not for theft cases). If the vehicle is not driven more than 100 Kms after exhaustion of the purchased plan the claim made would still be honored subject to payment of premium for top-up after the loss and within the currency of the policy. d) Kilometers remaining unused after expiry of the term of the base policy would carry forward to the renewed policy subject to the following: • Maximum number of Kilometers that can be carried forward will be 1000 if renewed within the due date, or within 30 days from expiry of the policy. • Beyond 30 days from due date of renewal, carry forward of un-used kilometers will not be allowed. e) Insured should ensure that the number of Kilometers driven at any point during the policy tenure or at the point of claim is easily ascertainable through use of technology or through readings in vehicles odometer or through any other available means. Any act of tempering with such devices or readings, or any act which renders such devices non-functional would make the policy/Add-ons/covers in-effective and may lead to repudiation of claims made. If the device is rendered non-functional or is malfunctioning is observed due to any defect in the device (caused by wear & tear or manufacturing defect), the Insured should bring the same to the notice of Insurer immediately. f) Insured may opt for other available add-ons in the base product of Private Car and Two Wheeler. g) NCB as per applicable rate would be provided to the insured for the initial Km based purchase of package and also on top-up Kms repurchased there-after during the same policy period irrespective of claim in the running policy. h) i) In case of transfer of ownership endorsement, the New Owner would be eligible for the un-used number of Kms left in the purchased plan along with the TP/PA part of the policy if applicable. Additional premium towards NCB and other charges may be applicable as per the provisions of Indian Motor Tariff applicable to the base product. The Company may cancel the policy as prescribed in the base policy by sending seven days’ notice by recorded delivery to the insured at insured’s last known address and in such event will return to the insured the premium for un-used Kms of last purchased plan, whether initial and/or top-up (and not for any accumulated Kms carried forward from previous year’s policy). The policy may also be cancelled at any time by the insured on seven days’ notice by recorded delivery and provided no claim has arisen during the currency of the policy, the insured shall be entitled to a return of premium for the un-used Kms purchased. Refund of premium would be done only for the un-used Kms, whether initial and/or top-up (and not for any accumulated Kms carried forward from previous year’s policy). However no refund would be provided if