of the policy, exceeds 75% of the IDV of the vehicle. LIABILITY TO THIRD PARTIES 1. Subject to the limits of liability as laid down in the Schedule hereto the Company will indemnify the insured in the event of an accident caused by or arising out of the use of the vehicle against all sums which the insured shall become legally liable to pay in respect of :a. Death of or bodily injury to any person including occupants carried in the vehicle (provided such occupants are not carried for hire or reward) but except so far as it is necessary to meet the requirements of Motor Vehicles Act, the Company shall not be liable where such death or injury arises out of and in the course of the employment of such person by the insured. Damage to property other than property belonging to the insured or held in trust or in the custody or control of the insured. 2. The Company will pay all costs and expenses incurred with its written 3. consent. In terms of and subject to the limitations of the indemnity granted by this section to the insured, the Company will indemnify any driver who is driving the vehicle on the insured’s order or with insured’s permission provided that such driver shall as though he/she was the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they apply. UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 4. In the event of the death of any person entitled to indemnity under this policy the Company will in respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify his/her personal representative in terms of and subject to the limitations of this Policy provided that such personal representative shall as though such representative was the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they apply. 5. The Company may at its own option a. Arrange for representation at any Inquest or Fatal Inquiry in respect of any death which may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy and b. Undertake the defence of proceedings in any Court of Law in respect of any act or alleged offence causing or relating to any event which may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy. AVOIDANCE OF CERTAIN TERMS AND RIGHT OF RECOVERY Nothing in this Policy or any endorsement hereon shall affect the right of any person indemnified by this Policy or any other person to recover an amount under or by virtue of the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act. But the insured shall repay to the Company all sums paid by the Company which the Company would not have been liable to pay but for the said provisions. APPLICATION OF LIMITS OF INDEMNITY In the event of any accident involving indemnity to more than one person any limitation by the terms of this Policy and/or of any Endorsement thereon of the amount of any indemnity shall apply to the aggregate amount of indemnity to all persons indemnified and such indemnity shall apply in priority to the insured. PERSONAL ACCIDENT COVER FOR OWNER-DRIVER The Company undertakes to pay compensation as per the following scale for bodily injury/death sustained by the owner-driver of the vehicle, in direct connection with insured or whilst driving or mounting into/dismounting from the vehicle insured or whilst traveling in it as a co-driver, caused by violent accidental external and visible means which independent of any other cause shall within six calendar months of such injury result in: the vehicle Nature of injury (ii) Death (ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb and sight of one eye. (iii) Loss of one limb or sight of one eye (iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other than named above. Provided always that Scale of compensation 100% 100% 50% 100% 1. Compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in respect of the owner-driver arising out of any one occurrence and the total liability of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of ` 15 lakhs during any one period of insurance. 2. No compensation shall be payable in respect of death or bodily injury directly or indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (1) intentional self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (2) an accident happening whilst such person is under the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs. 3. Such compensation shall be payable directly to the insured or to his/her legal representatives whose receipt shall be the full discharge in respect of the injury to the insured. a. This cover is subject to i. ii. iii. The owner-driver is the registered owner of the vehicle insured herein; The owner-driver is the insured named in this policy. The owner-driver holds an effective driving license, in accordance withGeneral Exceptio the provisions of Rule 3 of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989, at the time of the accident. 4. The personal accident cover for owner driver is mandatory for a period of one year and may be extended, in line with the duration of policy, at the discretion of the customer” GENERAL EXCEPTIONS (Applicable to all Sections of the Policy) The Company shall not be liable under this Policy in respect of 1. Any accidental loss or damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred outside the geographical area; 2. Any claim arising out of any contractual liability; -2 3. Any accidental loss damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred whilst the vehicle insured herein is a. Being used otherwise than in accordance with the .Limitations as to Use. or b. Being driven by or is for the purpose of being driven by him/her in the charge of any person other than a Driver as stated in the Driver’s Clause. Any accidental loss or damage to any property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising there from or any consequential loss 4. a. b. Any liability of whatsoever nature directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel. For the purpose of this exception combustion shall include any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission. 5. Any accidental loss or damage or liability directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from nuclear weapons material. 6. Any accidental loss damage and/or liability directly or indirectly or proximately or remotely occasioned by contributed to by or traceable to or arising out of or in connection with war, invasion, the act of foreign enemies, hostilities or warlike operations (whether before or after declaration of war) civil war, mutiny rebellion, military or usurped power or by any direct or indirect consequence of any of the said occurrences and in the event of any claim hereunder the insured shall prove that the accidental loss damage and/or liability arose independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed to by or traceable to any of the said occurrences or any consequences thereof and in default of such proof, the Company shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of such a claim. DEDUCTIBLE The Company shall not be liable for each and every claim under Section -I (loss of or damage to the vehicle insured) of this Policy in respect of the deductible stated in the schedule. CONDITIONS This Policy and the Schedule shall be read together and any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of this Policy or of the Schedule shall bear the same meaning wherever it may appear. 1. Notice shall be given in writing to the Company immediately upon the occurrence of any accidental loss or damage in the event of any claim and thereafter the insured shall give all such information and assistance as the Company shall require. Every letter claim writ summons and/or process or copy thereof shall be forwarded to the Company immediately on receipt by the insured. Notice shall also be given in writing to the Company immediately the insured shall have knowledge of any impending prosecution, inquest or fatal inquiry in respect of any occurrence which may give rise to a claim under this Policy. In case of theft or criminal act which may be the subject of a claim under this Policy the insured shall give immediate notice to the police and cooperate with the Company in securing the conviction of the offender. Wherever details pertaining to any incident which results in a claim, are conveyed by the insured to the insurer after reasonable period, insured shall provide the reasons of such delay to the insurer and insurer may on analysis of reasons provided by insured, condone the delay in intimation of claim or delay in providing the required information/documents to the insurer. 2. No admission offer promise payment or indemnity shall be made or given by or on behalf of the insured without the written consent of the Company which shall be entitled if it so desires to take over and conduct in the name of the insured the defence or settlement of any claim or to prosecute in the name of the insured for its own benefit any claim for indemnity or otherwise and shall have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings or in the settlement of any claim and the insured shall give all such information and assistance as the Company may require. 3. The Company may at its own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the loss or damage and the liability of the Company shall not exceed: a. For total loss/constructive total loss of the vehicle-the Insured’s Declared Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the Schedule less the value of the wreck. b For partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the vehicle actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts lost/damaged subject to depreciation as per limits specified. UIN: IRDAN115RP0017V01200102CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 No claim made or pending during the preceding 3 consecutive years of insurance No claim made or pending during the preceding 4 consecutive years of insurance No claim made or pending during the preceding 5 consecutive years of insurance 35% 45% 50% Sunset Clause : If at the renewal falling due any time between 1st July 2002 and 30th June 2003, both days inclusive, (after completion of the full policy period of 12 months) an insured becomes entitled to an NCB of 55% or 65% in terms of the Tariff prevailing prior to 1st July 2002, the entitlement of such higher percentage of NCB will remain protected for all subsequent renewals till a claim arises under the policy, in which case the NCB will revert to ‘Nil’ at the next renewal. Thereafter, NCB if any earned, will be in terms of the above table. INDIA MOTOR TARIFF –