of this Policy, either by the Company or by the Insured, the Company will allow a time limit not exceeding 90 days from the date of expiry or cancellation of the policy provided no insurance is in force during this extended reporting period of the same interest, for notification of claims for accidents which had taken place during the period of insurance but could not be made during the policy period, provided, however, all claims made during the extended reporting period shall be handled as if they were made on the last day of the expiring policy period and are subject to the limits of indemnity and the terms, conditions and exceptions of the policy 4.. INDEMNITY TO OTHERS: The indemnity granted extends to: 4 .. 1 officials of the Insured in their business capacity arising out of the performance of their business or in their private capacity arising out of their temporary engagement of the Insured's employees; 4 2 the Officers, Committees and members of the Insured's canteen, social, sports, medical, fire fighting and welfare organisations in their respective capacities as such; 4 .. 3 the personal representatives of the estate of any person who would otherwise be indemnified by this policy but only in respect of liability incurred by such person 5. CROSS LIABILITIES: Each person or party indemnified is separately indemnified in respect of claims made against any of them by any other person or party (other than the named Insured) sul:>ject to Company's total liability not exceeding the limits of indemnity stated.in the Schedule of the Policy 6.. DEFENCE COSTS: The Company will pay all costs, fees and expenses incurred with their prior consent in the investigation, defence or settlement of any claim made against the Insured and the costs of representation at any inquest, inquiry or other proceedings in respect of matters which have a direct relevance to any claim made or which might be made against the Insured, provided such claim or claims are the sul:>ject of indemnity by the Policy. Such costs, fees and expenses ar·e called 'Defence Costs'. Tata AIG General Insurance Company Ltd .. Page Tata AIG General Insurance Company Ltd .. 7.. INDEMNITY LIMITS: Company's total liability to pay compensation, Claimant's costs, fees and expenses and defence costs shall not exceed the indemnity limit stated in the Schedule Indemnity Limit for any one accident applies to any one claim or series of claims arising from one originating cause .. Indemnity Limit shall represent the total amount of Company's Liability during the Policy period 7 .. 1 CLAIMS SERIES CLAUSE: For the purpose of this policy where a series of and/or several bodily injuries and/ or property damages are attributable direct or indirectly to the same cause all such bodily injuries and/ or property damages shall be added together and all such bodily injuries and/or property damages shall be treated as one claim and such claim shall be deemed to have been made at the point in time when the first of the claims was made in writing There shall, however, be no