15.1 The Insured shall give written notice to the Company as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the expiry of Policy or applicable extended reporting period, of any claim made against the Insured (or any specific event or circumstance that may give rise to a claim being made against the Insured) and which forms the subject of indemnity under this Policy and shall give all such additional information as the Company may require. Every claim, writ, summons or process and all documents relating to the event shall be forwarded to the Company immediately they are received by the Insured. 15.2 The Company will have the right, but in no case the obligation, to take over and conduct in the name of the Insured the defence of any claim and will have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings and in the settlement of any claim and having taken over the defence of any claim, may relinquish the same. All amounts expended by the Company in the defence settlement or payment of any claim will reduce the Limit of Indemnity specified in the Schedule. In the event the Company, in its sole discretion, chooses to exercise its right pursuant of this condition, no action taken by the Company in the exercise of such right will serve to modify or expand in any manner, what the Company's liability or obligations would have been had it not exercised its rights under this condition. 15.3 No admission, offer, promise or payment shall be made or given by or on behalf of the Insured without the written consent of the Company. 15.4 The Insured shall give all such information and assistance as the Company may reasonably require. The Insured shall at all times in addition to their obligations set out in General Condition 15.1. above provide such information to and cooperate with the Company or their appointed representative. 15.5 The Insured shall give notice as soon as reasonably practicable of any fact, event or circumstance which materially changes the information supplied to the Company at the time when this Policy was effective, and the Company may amend the terms of this Policy according to the materiality of such change. 15.6 The Company may at any time pay to the Insured in connection with any claim or series of claims under this policy, to which an indemnity limit applies, the amount of such limit (after deduction of any sums already paid) or any lesser amount for which such claims can be settled and upon such payment and/or settlement being made, the Company shall relinquish the conduct and control of and be under no further liability in connection with such claims. 15.7 For the purpose of this Policy, where a series of and/or several bodily injuries and/or property damages are attributable directly or indirectly to the same cause, all such bodily injuries and/or property damages shall be added together and all such bodily injuries and/or property damages shall be treated as one claim and such claim shall be deemed to have been made at the point in time when the first of the claims was made in writing. 15.8 The Policy and the Schedule shall be read together as one contract and any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of this Policy or the Schedule shall bear such specific meaning wherever it may 15.9 Where the premium is based on the Insured’s estimates, the Insured shall keep accurate records and after expiry of the Period of Insurance, declare as soon as possible such details as the Company require. The premium shall then be adjusted and any additional premium as the case may be collected from the Insured. 15.10 This Policy does not cover liability which at the time of happening of any event resulting into such liability, be insured by or would, but for the existence of this policy, be insured by, any other Policy (but not a Public Liability Policy) or Policies, except in respect of any excess beyond the amount which could have been payable under such Policy/Policies, had this Insurance not been effected. 15.11 The insurance afforded by this Policy is excess over any other valid and collectable insurance available to the Insured. Valid and collectable insurance includes any self insurance plan which would be applicable to the loss. 15.12 In the event of liability arising under the Policy or the payment of claim under the Policy, the limit of indemnity per Any One Year under the Policy shall get reduced by the extent of quantum of liability paid or to be paid in respect of such claim. Under no circumstances, it shall be permissible to reinstate the Limit of Indemnity to the original level, even on payment of extra premium. 15.13 On the occurrence of any loss within the