under the Policy, the Insured shall allow the Surveyor or any agent of the Company to inspect the lost/damaged properties/ premises/goods or any other material items and assist and not hinder or prevent the Company or any of its agents in pursuance of their duties on happening of loss or damage. Insured shall not abandon the insured property/item/ premises, nor take any steps to rectify/remedy the damage before the same has been approved by the Company or any of its agents or the Surveyor. If the Insured does not comply with the provisions of this Clause or other obligations cast upon the Insured under this Policy, in terms of the other clauses in the Policy documents, all benefits under the Policy shall be forfeited, at the option of the Company. 15.14 No claim shall be payable under this Policy unless the cause of action arises in India, unless otherwise specifically provided in the Schedule to this Policy. All claims shall be payable in India in Indian Rupees only. 15.15 Cancellation 1. Cancellation by Insured a. Insured can cancel this Policy at any time during the policy period by giving the Company notice in writing, in such case, The Company shall 1. Refund the proportion premium for unexpired policy period, if the period/term of the policy is up to one year and there is no claim(s) made during the policy period. 2. refund premium for the unexpired policy period, in respect of policies with the policy period/term more than one year and the risk coverage for such policy years has not commenced. 2. Cancellation by Company: The Company will cancel the policy with 7 days’ notice period only on grounds of established fraud and in such case no refund shall be made to Insured. SBI General Insurance Company Limited, Corporate & Registered Office: Fulcrum Building, 9th Floor, A & B Wing, Sahar Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400099. | CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Tollfree: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in | www.sbigeneral.in | SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 | Public Liability Insurance Policy, UIN: IRDAN144RP0009V01201112 | SBI General Insurance and SBI are separate legal entities and SBI is working as Corporate Agent of the company for sourcing of insurance products. SBI General Insurance Company Limited 15.16 Reasonable Care 1. Insured premises are walled premises. The Insured shall exercise reasonable care that only competent employees are employed and shall take all reasonable steps to prevent accidents and to comply with all statutory or other obligations and regulations imposed by any authority and shall maintain the premises and all ways, works, machinery and plant in sound condition. In the event of the discovery of any defect or danger the Insured shall forthwith cause such defect or danger to be made good or remedied and in the meantime shall cause such additional precautions to be taken as the circumstances may require. 15.17 Fraudulent/wilful act or misrepresentation of facts The Policy shall be null and void and no benefit shall be payable in the event of untrue or incorrect statements, misrepresentation, misdescription or on non-disclosure in any material particular in the proposal form, personal statement, declaration and connected documents, or any material information having been withheld, or a claim being fraudulent or any fraudulent means or devices being used by the Insured or any one acting on his behalf or if any loss destruction or damage be occasioned by the wilful act or with the connivance of the Insured to obtain any benefit under this Policy. 15.18 Contribution If at the time of the happening of any loss or damage covered by this Policy, there shall be any Public Liability insurance or other insurance effected by the Insured or by any other person covering the same liability, then the Company shall not be liable to pay or contribute more than its rateable proportion of such liability. 15.19 Subrogation In the event of payment under this Policy, the Company shall be subrogated to all the Insured’s rights of recovery thereof against any person or organisation, and the Insured shall execute and deliver instruments and papers necessary to secure such rights. The Insured and any claimant under this Policy shall at the expense of the Company do and concur in doing and permit to be done, all such acts and things as may be necessary or required by the Company, before or after Insured’s indemnification, in enforcing or endorsing any rights or remedies, or of obtaining relief or indemnity 15.20 Policy Disputes Any dispute concerning the interpretation of the terms, conditions, limitations and/or exclusions contained herein is understood and agreed to by both the Insured and the Company to be subject to Indian Law. Each party agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India and to comply with all requirements necessary to give such Court the jurisdiction. All matters arising hereunder shall be determined in accordance with the law and practice of such Court. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY It is hereby understood and agreed that this insurance shall not apply to and does not cover any liability, whatsoever for any claim in respect of loss or losses directly or indirectly (exclusively or partially) arising out of, resulting from, or in consequence of failure of the Insured to meet the following conditions, these are the conditions precedent to Company’s liability: 2. Insured has taken required government / regulatory approvals and has followed related rules & regulations. 3. Proper fire safety arrangements are maintained by the Insured at the insured premises as per the applicable rules and regulations. 4. Proper security arrangement is maintained by the Insured. 5. Retroactive coverage is applicable on following to the Company before inception of Policy and agreed by the Company. (a) the insurance has been claims made since the retroactive date. (b) Retroactive cover is restricted to limit/coverage in place during relevant policy period (but retroactive cover not exceeding this Policy coverage). 6. Insured has to notify in writing to the Company he claims made against the Insured or any adverse incident that might lead to a claim under this Policy. This notification must be given to the Company within Policy period or applicable extended reporting period. Subject otherwise to the terms and conditions of this Policy, except for the specific terms, conditions and exclusions made applicable herein. TERRORISM EXCLUSION CLAUSE: Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary within this insurance or any endorsement thereto it is agreed that this insurance excludes any loss of or damage to Property or legal liability arising directly or indirectly as a result of or in connection with Terrorism (including, without limitation, contemporaneous or ensuing loss or damage or legal liability caused by fire and/or looting and/or theft) Definitions that apply for purpose of this exclusion: Terrorism means any act or acts: I . committed for, arises out of or relates to political, religious, ideological purposes and involves a violent act or the unlawful use of force or an unlawful act dangerous to human life or tangible property, and ii. carried out by any person or group(s) of persons, whether acting alone or on behalf of or in connection with any organisation(s), and iii. appears to be intended to: a. intimidate or coerce a civilian population, or b. disrupt any segment of the economy of a Government, State or Country, or c. overthrow, influence, or affect the conduct of any government de jure or de facto by intimidation or coercion, or d. affect the conduct of a Government by mass destruction, assassination, kidnapping or hostage taking. In any claim and in any action, suit or other proceedings to enforce a claim under this Policy, the burden of proving that such claim does not fall within the Terrorism Exclusion set out above shall be upon the Insured. In the event any portion of this endorsement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder shall remain in full force and effect. Subject otherwise to the terms and conditions of this Policy, except for the specific terms, conditions and exclusions made applicable herein. SBI General Insurance Company Limited, Corporate & Registered Office: Fulcrum Building, 9th Floor, A & B Wing, Sahar Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400099. | CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Tollfree: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in | www.sbigeneral.in | SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 | Public Liability Insurance Policy, UIN: IRDAN144RP0009V01201112 | SBI General Insurance and SBI are separate legal entities and SBI is working as Corporate Agent of the company for sourcing of insurance products. SBI General Insurance Company Limited GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL PROCEDURE If you may have a grievance that requires to be redressed, you may contact the us with the details of the grievance through Stage 1 If you are dissatisfied with the resolution provided above or for lack of response, you may write to head.customercare@sbigeneral.in. We will look into the matter and decide the same expeditiously within 14 days from the date of receipt of your complaint. Toll Free - 1800 22 1111 / 1800 102 1111 Monday to Saturday (8 am - 8 pm) Stage 2 In case, you are not satisfied with the decision/resolution communicated by the above office, or have not received any response within 14 days, you may send your Appeal addressed to the Grievance Redressal Officer at : gro@sbigeneral.in or contact at 022-45138021. List of Grievance Redressal Officers at Branch: Our branch Grievance Redressal Officer's list is available at the link: https://content.sbigeneral.in/uploads/0449cac1bcd144bbb160d3f 6b714fbbd.pdf/ Stage 3 In case, you are not satisfied with the decision/resolution communicated by the above office, or have not received any response within 14 days, you may register your complaint with IRDAI on the below given link: https://bimabharosa.irdai.gov.in/Home/Home Stage 4 If your grievance remains unresolved from the date of filing your first complaint or is partially resolved, you may approach the Insurance Ombudsman falling in your jurisdiction for redressal of your grievance. The details of the Insurance Ombudsman can be accessed at https://www.cioins.co.in/Ombudsman You may approach the nearest Insurance Ombudsman for resolution of the grievance. Please refer the Annexure I for more information on ombudsman offices & contact information. SBI General Insurance Company Limited, Corporate & Registered Office: Fulcrum Building, 9th Floor, A & B Wing, Sahar Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400099. | CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Tollfree: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in | www.sbigeneral.in | SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 | Public Liability Insurance Policy, UIN: IRDAN144RP0009V01201112 | SBI General Insurance and SBI are separate legal entities and SBI is working as Corporate Agent of the company for sourcing of insurance products.