of the cover to be granted. Explanation: (i) “Material Information” for the purpose of these regulations shall mean all important, essential and relevant information and documents explicitly sought by insurer in the proposal form. (ii) The requirements of “disclosure of material information” regarding a proposal or policy, apply both to the insurer and the prospect, under these regulations. 3.9 “Policy Period” means the period commencing from effective date and hour as shown in the Policy Schedule and terminating at midnight on the expiry date as shown the Policy Schedule. 3.10 “Pollution” means pollution or contamination of the atmosphere or of any water, land, or other tangible property 3.11 “Solicitation” means the act of approaching a prospect or a policyholder by an insurer or by a distribution channel with a view to persuade the prospect or a policyholder to purchase or to renew an insurance policy. 3.12 “Salvage” The amount that is assessed which the damaged asset will fetch in the open market. This amount is deducted from the claim amount. 3.13 “Unfair trade practice” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Consumer Protection Act, 2019, as amended from time to time 3.14 We, Us, Our, Insurer, Company: The SBI General Insurance Company that has provided Insurance Cover under this Policy of the Company. 3.15 You, Your, Insured Means The Insured Person/s who has/have purchased Insurance Cover under this Policy. 3.16 “Premises” shall be deemed to include pipelines running outside the premises for discharge of treated effluents at a disposal point situated within a distance of one kilometer from the premises. 3.17 “Product” means any tangible property after it has left the custody or control of the Insured, which has been designed, specified, formulated, manufactured, constructed, installed, sold, supplied, distributed, treated, serviced, altered or repaired by, or on behalf of the Insured,but shall not mean food and beverages supplied by or on behalf of the Insured primarily to the Insured's employees as a staff benefit. 4. INDEMNITY TO OTHERS The indemnity granted extends to the Legal liability accruing to the: 4.1. Officials of the Insured in their business capacity arising out of the performance of their business or in their private capacity SBI General Insurance Company Limited, Corporate & Registered Office: Fulcrum Building, 9th Floor, A & B Wing, Sahar Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400099. | CIN: U66000MH2009PLC190546 | Tollfree: 18001021111 | customer.care@sbigeneral.in | www.sbigeneral.in | SBI Logo displayed belongs to State Bank of India and used by SBI General Insurance Company Limited under license | IRDAI Reg No: 144 | Public Liability Insurance Policy, UIN: IRDAN144RP0009V01201112 | SBI General Insurance and SBI are separate legal entities and SBI is working as Corporate Agent of the company for sourcing of insurance products. SBI General Insurance Company Limited arising out of their temporary engagement of the Insured's employees; 4.2. The officers, committees and members of the Insured's canteen, social, sports, medical, fire fighting and welfare organisations in their respective capacities as such; 4.3. the personal representatives of the estate of any person who would otherwise be indemnified by this Policy but only in respect of liability incurred by such person. Provided always that all such persons or parties shall observe, fulfill and be subject to the terms, conditions and