of Pre-existing Diseases. Coverage is not available for the period for which no premium is received. 2.1.12. Hospital means any institution established for Inpatient Care and Day Care Treatment of Illness and / or Injuries and which has been registered as a Hospital with the local authorities under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2010 or under the enactments speciﬁed under the Schedule of Section 56(1) of the said Act OR complies with all minimum criteria as under: a. b. has at least 10 Inpatient beds in towns having a population of less than 10,00,000 and at least 15 Inpatient beds in all other places; c. has qualiﬁed Medical Practitioner(s) in charge round the clock; d. has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where Surgical Procedures are carried out; e. maintains daily records of patients and makes these accessible to the Insurance company’s authorized personnel. has Qualiﬁed Nursing staff under its employment round the clock; 2.1.13. Hospitalization means admission in a Hospital for a minimum period of 24 consecutive ‘In-patient Care’ hours except for speciﬁed procedures/ treatments, where such admission could be for a period of less than 24 consecutive hours. 2.1.14. Illness means a sickness or a disease or pathological condition leading to the impairment of normal physiological function and requires medical treatment. a. Acute condition - Acute condition is a disease, illness or injury that is likely to respond quickly to treatment which aims to return the person to his or her state of health immediately before suffering the disease/ illness/ injury which leads to full recovery b. Chronic condition - A chronic condition is deﬁned as a disease, illness, or injury that has one or more of the following characteristics: a. b. c. d. e. it needs ongoing or long-term monitoring through consultations, examinations, check-ups, and /or tests it needs ongoing or long-term control or relief of symptoms it requires rehabilitation for the patient or for the patient to be specially trained to cope with it it continues indeﬁnitely it recurs or is likely to recur 2.1.15. Injury means Accidental physical bodily harm excluding Illness or disease solely and directly caused by external, violent and visible and evident means which is veriﬁed and certiﬁed by a Medical Practitioner. 2.1.16. In-patient Care means treatment for which the Insured Person has to stay in a Hospital for more than 24 hours for a covered event. 2.1.17. Intensive Care Unit means an identiﬁed section, ward or wing of a hospital which is under the constant supervision of a dedicated medical practitioner(s), and which is specially equipped for the continuous monitoring and treatment of patients who are in a critical condition, or require life support facilities and where the level of care and supervision is considerable more sophisticated and intensive than in the ordinary and other wards. 2.1.18. ICU (Intensive Care Unit) Charges means the amount charged by a Hospital towards ICU expenses on a per day basis which shall include the expenses for ICU bed, general medical support services provided to any ICU patient including monitoring devices, critical care nursing and intensivist charges. 2.1.19. Maternity Expenses shall include: a. Medical Treatment Expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during Hospitalization) b. Expenses towards lawful medical termination of pregnancy during Policy Period. 2.1.20. Medical Advice means any consultation or advice from a Medical Practitioner including the issuance of any prescription or follow-up prescription. 2.1.21. Medical Expenses means those expenses that an Insured Person has necessarily and actually incurred for medical treatment on account of Illness or Accident on the advice of a Medical Practitioner, as long as these are no more than would have been payable if the Insured Person had not been insured and no more than other Hospitals or doctors in the same locality would have charged for the same medical treatment. 2.1.22. Medical Practitioner means a person who holds a valid registration from the Medical Council of any State or Medical Council of India or Council for Indian Medicine or for Homeopathy set up by the Government of India or a State Government and is thereby entitled to practice medicine within its jurisdiction; and is acting within the scope and jurisdiction of his licence. 2.1.23. Medically Necessary Treatment means any treatment, tests, medication, or stay in Hospital or part of a stay in Hospital which: is required for the medical management of the Illness or Injury suffered by the insured; a. b. must not exceed the level of care necessary to provide safe, adequate and appropriate medical care in scope, duration, or intensity; c. must have been prescribed by a Medical Practitioner; d. must conform to the professional standards widely accepted in international medical practice or by the medical community in India. 2.1.24. Migration means the right accorded to health insurance policyholders (including all members under family cover and members of group health insurance policy), to transfer the credit gained for pre-existing