, with the same insurer. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 2.1.25. Network Provider means Hospital enlisted by an insurer, TPA or jointly by an insurer and TPA to provide medical services to an insured by a Cashless Facility. 2.1.26. Non-Network Provider means any Hospital, Day Care Centre or other provider that is not part of the network. 2.1.27. Notiﬁcation of Claim means the process of intimating a claim to the insurer or TPA through any of the recognized modes of communication 2.1.28. OPD Treatment means the one in which the Insured visits a clinic / Hospital or associated facility like a consultation room for diagnosis and treatment based on the advice of a Medical Practitioner. The Insured is not admitted as a day care or In-patient. 2.1.29. Pre-existing Disease means any condition, ailment, injury or disease a. b. That is/are diagnosed by a physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement or For which medical advice or treatment was recommended by, or received from, a physician within 48 months prior to the effective date of the policy issued by the insurer or its reinstatement. 2.1.30. Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses means medical expenses incurred during pre-deﬁned number of days preceding the hospitalization of the Insured Person, provided that: a. Such Medical Expenses are incurred for the same condition for which the Insured Person’s Hospitalization was required, and b. The Inpatient Hospitalization claim for such Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance Company. 2.1.31. Post-hospitalization Medical Expenses means medical expenses incurred during pre-deﬁned number of days immediately after the Insured Person is discharged from the Hospital, provided that: a. Such Medical Expenses are for the same condition for which the Insured Person’s Hospitalization was required, and b. The Inpatient Hospitalization claim for such Hospitalization is admissible by the Insurance Company. 2.1.32. Portability means the right accorded to an individual health insurance policyholders (including all members under family cover), to transfer the credit gained for pre-existing conditions and time bound exclusions, from one insurer to another insurer. 2.1.33. Reasonable and Customary Charges means the charges for services or supplies, which are the standard charges for the speciﬁc provider and consistent with the prevailing charges in the geographical area for identical or similar services, taking into account the nature of the Illness / Injury involved. 2.1.34.