. 4.1. Expenses in reaching a Hospital Road Ambulance: We will pay you up to Base Sum Insured 4.1.1. 4.1.2. Air Ambulance: Only in case of Emergency. Maximum INR 2,50,000 per hospitalization. Note: This will be paid only if claim for hospitalization is paid by us. You must always use a registered ambulance / air ambulance provider. 4.2. Expenses during Hospitalization 4.2.1. We will pay the expenses incurred by you on treatment (Naturally this excludes expenses not linked to treatment like food, beverage, toiletries and cosmetics). We don’t limit your choice. Choose the room you like, but choose judiciously to protect your Sum Insured. • Admitted for 2 hours or more (minimum 24 hours for AYUSH treatment in a AYUSH Hospital) Note: I. We will NOT pay, even if you were hospitalized, if there was no treatment and only investigations were done. Examples: MRI, CT Scan, Endoscopy, Colonoscopy etc. II. We will NOT pay for Automation machine for peritoneal dialysis 4.2.2. We pay for Modern treatments as speciﬁed below: Uterine Artery Embolization and HIFU (High intensity focused ultrasound) Immunotherapy- Monoclonal Antibody to be given as injection Vaporisation of the prostrate (Green laser treatment or holmium laser treatment) Stem cell therapy: Hematopoietic stem cells for bone marrow transplant for haematological conditions Balloon Sinuplasty Oral Chemotherapy Robotic surgeries Stereotactic radio Surgeries Deep Brain stimulation Intra vitreal injections Bronchical Thermoplasty IONM - (Intra Operative Neuro Monitoring) NOTE: A limit of maximum Rs.1,00,000 per claim will apply to all robotic surgeries, except for total radical prostatectomy, cardiac surgeries, partial nephrectomy and surgeries for malignancies. 4.3. Expenses before and after hospitalization (Pre & Post hospitalization) We will pay expenses incurred on consultations, medicines, physiotherapy, diagnostic tests for 60 days before the date of admission and 180 days after date of discharge IF these are related to the condition for which hospitalization claim is paid. 4.4. Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment Home Care Treatment means treatment availed by the insured person at home which in normal course would require care and treatment at a hospital but is actually taken at home provided that: The medical practitioner advices the insured person to undergo treatment at home 4.4.1. 4.4.2. There is continuous active line of treatment with monitoring of health status by a medical practitioner for each day through the duration of the home care treatment 4.4.3. Daily monitoring chart including records of treatment administered duly signed by the treating doctor is maintained Note: • We will pay for Pre & Post hospitalization beneﬁt as per section 4.3 for Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment. • • We do NOT pay for any Medical & ambulatory devices used at home (like Pulse Oxymeter, BP monitors, Sugar monitors, automation device for We pay for peritoneal dialysis, Chemotherapy taken at home. peritoneal dialysis, CPAP, BiPAP, Crutches, wheel chair etc.) 4.5. Organ donor If you ever undergo an organ transplant, we will pay the hospitalization expenses of the donor for harvesting the organ, ONLY when your Hospitalisation claim is paid. If you donate any of your organs, we will pay for the expenses for harvesting the organ from you. We respect this noble deed. Remember, organ donation saves many lives. 4.6. Annual Health Checkup The Insured Person may avail a health check-up, only for Diagnostic Tests, up to a sub-limit as speciﬁed in Your Policy Schedule. This beneﬁt is available ONLY on cashless and no re-imbursement is allowed. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Complete blood count (CBC) Complete Physical Examination by Physician Serum Electrolytes Urine Routine & Microscopic Post prandial/lunch blood sugar (PPBS / PLBS) HbA1C List of tests covered: Erythrocyte Sedimentation Rate (ESR) Fasting Blood sugar (FBS) Electrocardiogram (ECG) X Ray chest Mammogram PAP smear 4.7. ReAssure+ Uric Acid Lipid Proﬁle Kidney function test Serum Vitamin D Colonoscopy (for >50 year olds) Thyroid function test Liver Function Test (LFT) Treadmill test (TMT) OR 2 D ECHO Ultrasound test (USG) Serum calcium A) ReAssure “Forever”: ReAssure “Forever”: Enjoy unlimited Sum Insured. The ﬁrst paid claim in the life of the policy triggers ReAssure “Forever”. Once Triggered it stays for life, provided that the policy is renewed without break. Note: • Maximum amount ReAssure “Forever” pays for any single claim is up to Base Sum Insured. • We will consider a claim, if it is paid under the following: Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization, Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor. • Expenses in reaching a Hospital and Expenses before and after hospitalization for the 1st ever hospitalization will be treated as the 1st claim itself. Year 1: Once the Policy is bought Base Sum Insured 1st paid Claim 10 Lakh 7 Lakh ReAssure “Forever” is triggered (Equal to Base Sum Insured) Balance Base Sum Insured 2nd payable claim Claim amount paid Balance Base Sum Insured 3rd Payable claim Claim amount paid 3 Lakh 12 Lakh 12 Lakh (3 Lakh from Base Sum Insured and 9 Lakh from ReAssure “Forever”) Nil 11 Lakh 10 Lakh from ReAssure “Forever” Year 2: Once the policy is renewed Base Sum Insured ReAssure is "Forever" 1st Claim Paid Balance Base Sum Insured 2nd payable claim Claim amount paid Balance Base Sum Insured 3rd Payable claim Claim amount paid 10 Lakh 10 Lakh 15 Lakh Nil 12 Lakh 10 Lakh Nil 10 Lakh 10 Lakh from ReAssure “Forever” 10 Lakhs from Base Sum Insured and 5 Lakhs from ReAssure “Forever” ReAssure “Forever” ReAssure “Forever” (this 10 Lakh will trigger unlimited times) B) Lock the Clock: Your age is locked at entry when you buy the policy, till you make a claim. In case of multi tenure policies, the premium for the entire tenure will be charged as per the entry age. No additional premium will be charged In the E.g. if you buy the policy at 25 years, you will keep paying the premium applicable for a 25 year old at each renewal, till a claim is paid in the policy. Post the claim is paid, the premium charged will be as per your current age and will continue to change as per the age slabs at each renewal. Note: • middle of the tenure in case of claims. At the time of renewal (in case of a claim), the premium will be charged as per the current age of the consumer at renewal • that age, till a claim is paid.. If you add a member to the ﬂoater plan, then the premiums will be charged as per the entry age of the eldest member and will lock the premium at Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 • • • If you add a member to an individual plan and convert it into a Floater plan, then the premiums will be charged as per the entry age of the eldest member and will lock the premium at that age, till a claim is paid. If the eldest member is no longer part of the Floater plan, then the Floater premium will be calculated as per the original entry age of the eldest member in the policy amongst the remaining members and lock at that age, till a claim is paid. If a ﬂoater plan, splits into multiple policies, then we will carry forward the locked age at which the ﬂoater policies were taken by individuals (as per the claim history) in the policies carried forward, till a claim is paid. In a multi individual policy, the age will unlock only for the individuals who claim. In a ﬂoater policy, if a claim is paid for anyone in the plan then we will unlock the age for the entire policy. • • • We will consider a claim, if a claim is paid under the following: Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization, Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor 4.8. ReAssureX Enjoy unlimited Sum Insured. The first paid claim in the life of the policy triggers ReAssureX. Once Triggered it stays for life, provided that the policy is renewed without break. Note: • Maximum amount ReAssureX pays for any single claim is up to Base Sum Insured. • We will consider a claim, if it is paid under the following: Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization, Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor. • Expenses in reaching a Hospital and Expenses before and after hospitalization for the 1st ever hospitalization will be treated as the 1st claim itself. Year 1: Once the Policy is bought Base Sum Insured 1st paid Claim 10 Lakh 7 Lakh ReAssureX is triggered (Equal to Base Sum Insured) Balance Base Sum Insured 2nd payable claim Claim amount paid Balance Base Sum Insured 3rd Payable claim Claim amount paid 3 Lakh 12 Lakh 12 Lakh (3 Lakh from Base Sum Insured and 9 Lakh from ReAssureX) Nil 11 Lakh 10 Lakh from ReAssureX Year 2: Once the policy is renewed Base Sum Insured ReAssureX Sum Insured 1st Claim Paid Balance Base Sum Insured 2nd payable claim Claim amount paid Balance Base Sum Insured 3rd Payable claim Claim amount paid 10 Lakh 10 Lakh 15 Lakh Nil 12 Lakh 10 Lakh Nil 10 Lakh 10 Lakhs from Base Sum Insured and 5 Lakhs from ReAssureX ReAssureX ReAssureX 10 Lakh from ReAssureX (this 10 Lakh will trigger unlimited times) 4.9. Booster+ Don’t lose what you don’t use. Unutilized Base Sum Insured carries forward. Maximum it will accumulate up to 3/5/10 times (based on the plan you have chosen) of the Base Sum Insured. Example: If you have chosen Base Sum Insured of INR 10 lakh and Titanium+ Variant, then at the end of 10 years (if you have made no claims in these years) you will have 1.10 Crore Sum Insured (that is 10 Lakh base + 1 Crore Booster+). Don’t forget that you would have the Safeguard / Safeguard+ (this is a great benefit. You must choose it) and ReAssure “Forever” / ReAssureX (in case of claim) over and above the 1.10 Crore. That’s 11 times of Sum Insured than what you paid for. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Note: • If you convert an Individual Sum Insured policy in any manner, into a ﬂoater plan, then the least of the Booster+ Sum Insured of individual insured members will be carried forward to the ﬂoater plan. • If a ﬂoater plan, splits into multiple policies, then the Booster+ Sum Insured of ﬂoater plan will be carried forward to the split policies, provided the Base Sum Insured is not reduced. • If you reduce the Base Sum Insured, Booster+ Sum Insured will be proportionately reduced. Let’s say if you reduce the current INR 10 lakh Sum Insured to INR 5 lakh, your Booster+ Sum Insured will be halved. • You can and should regularly increase Sum Insured of your Health insurance policy. Medical inﬂation is a reality and current Sum Insured will fall short in future for advanced treatments. When you enhance your Sum Insured, the accumulated Booster+ Sum Insured will continue and grow even more (remember Booster+ is up to maximum 3/5/10 times (based on the plan you have chosen) of the Base Sum Insured. Higher the Base Sum insured higher the Booster+ Sum Insured ) 4.10. Live Healthy Simply walk and earn up to 30% discount at renewal, by downloading the recommended mobile App and get your Health points. 1000 steps will help you earn one health point! Note: Discount is on the individual’s premium in Individual plan and on Floater Policy Premium in Floater plans. Discount will be considered only for Insured’s 18 years and above. Renewal discount is computed based on the health score on 90 days before the due date of renewal. These points are not lost and will be considered for the next policy year. Policy Period: 1 year Policy Start Date End of 9 months Points at the end of 9 months (A) This will be considered for discount on the ﬁrst renewal. Points in next 3 months (B) Total points considered for discount (A + B) from 2nd Policy Period onwards 1st April 2023 31st December 2023 Upto 1500 1501 –2250 2251 – 3000 3001 – 3750 >=3751 Policy Period: 2 years Policy Start Date End of 21 months Points at the end of 21 months (A) This will be considered for discount on the ﬁrst renewal. Points in next 3 months (B) Total points considered for discount (A + B) from 2nd Policy Period onwards 1st April 2023 31st December 2024 Upto 3000 3001 – 4500 4501 – 6000 6001 – 7500 >=7501 Discount on renewal premium (Renewal policy start date 1st April 2024 NOTE: Discount applicable on the member’s premium in Individual sum insured policies and on the Policy premium in case of Floater Individual sum insured policy and Floater policies with 1 Adult Floater policies with more than 1 Adult 0% 5% 15% 20% 30% 0% 2.5% 7.5% 10% 15% Discount on renewal premium (Renewal policy start date 1st April 2025 NOTE: Discount applicable on the member’s premium in Individual sum insured policies and on the Policy premium in case of Floater Individual sum insured policy and Floater policies with 1 Adult Floater policies with more than 1 Adult 0% 5% 15% 20% 30% 0% 2.5% 7.5% 10% 15% Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Policy Period: 3 years Policy Start Date End of 33 months Points at the end of 33 months (A) This will be considered for discount on the ﬁrst renewal. Points in next 3 months (B) Total points considered for discount (A + B) from 2nd Policy Period onwards 1st April 2023 31st December 2025 Upto 4500 4501 – 6750 6751 – 9000 9001 – 11250 >=11251 Discount on renewal premium (Renewal policy start date 1st April 2026 NOTE: Discount applicable on the member’s premium in Individual sum insured policies and on the Policy premium in case of Floater Individual sum insured policy and Floater policies with 1 Adult Floater policies with more than 1 Adult 0% 5% 15% 20% 30% 0% 2.5% 7.5% 10% 15% 4.11. Shared accommodation Cash Beneﬁt If you opt for a shared room (for which hospitalization claim is paid), we will pay an additional amount for each day’s hospitalization. One day is considered as 24 continuous hours of hospitalization. 4.12. Second Medical Opinion Once in a Policy year, you can choose to take a second medical opinion from any Medical Practitioner for which we have paid a claim under expenses during hospitalization.. Through our partners we can help you get a second opinion from some of the most reputed doctors in the country. 4.13. e-Consultation You can take Unlimited e-consultations from our Partners. Optional Beneﬁt: 4.14. Hospital Cash We will pay for an Insured, an additional ﬁxed amount for each day’s hospitalization for maximum up to 30 days. One day is considered as 24 continuous hours of hospitalization. Note: we will pay if you were hospitalized for 48 hours or more continuously. 4.15 Personal Accident 4.15.1. Accidental Death (AD) In event of unfortunate demise of the insured within 365 days from the date of the Accident, we will pay the Sum Insured. The Personal accident beneﬁt will terminate after the Accidental Death beneﬁt is paid for. 4.15.3. Permanent Total Disability If the Insured Person suffers Permanent Total Disability, within 365 days from the date of the Accident, we will pay the beneﬁt as per the below Table Condition for Permanent Total Disability Complete & Irrecoverable loss of : • Any 2 Limbs • Sight of both eyes • Speech & hearing of both Ears • Combination of One Limb & Sight of One Eye Complete & Irrecoverable loss of : 1 Limb • • Sight of 1 Eye % of Accidental Death Sum Insured 125% 50% a. Complete & Irrecoverable loss of limb means physical separation or complete loss of functionality of the limb, within 365 days from the date of the Accident. This will include Paralysis including Paraplegia, Quadriplegia with loss of functional use of limb. The Personal accident beneﬁt will terminate after the Permanent Total Disability beneﬁt is paid for. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 4.15.3. Permanent Partial Disability a. If the Insured Person suffers a Permanent Partial Disability, within 365 days from the date of the Accident, within the Policy Period, we will pay the beneﬁt as per the below Table Condition for Permanent Partial Disability Each arm at the shoulder joint Each arm to a point above elbow joint Each arm below elbow joint Each hand at the wrist Each Thumb Each Index Finger Each other Finger Each leg above center of the femur Each leg up to a point below the femur Each leg to a point below the knee Each foot at the ankle Each big toe Each other toe Each eye Hearing in each ear Sense of smell Sense of taste % of Accidental Death Sum Insured 70% 65% 50% 50% 20% 10% 5% 70% 65% 50% 40% 5% 2% 50% 30% 10% 5% b. c. If a Permanent Partial Disability loss is not mentioned in the table above, then we will internally assess the degree of disablement and determine the amount of payment to be made. If there is more than one Permanent Partial Disability loss, then the total claim amount put together for all losses will not exceed the total Accidental Death Sum Insured opted. Once Total Sum Insured is paid, the policy will lapse. 4.16. Safeguard 4.15.1. Claim Safeguard: We will cover non-payable items mentioned in ‘List I – Expenses not covered’ of Annexure I’. Clause 2.1.33 for Reasonable and Customary Charges will still apply. 4.15.2. Booster+ Safeguard: Booster+ will not be impacted if the total claim in a policy year is up to INR 50,000 4.15.3. Sum Insured Safeguard: Preserves the value of Sum Insured. Safeguards it against inﬂation. We will increase the Base Sum Insured on cumulative basis at each renewal by the rate of inﬂation in the previous year. Inﬂation rate would be the average consumer price index (CPI) of the entire calendar year published by the Central Statistical Organization (CSO). Note: You will lose all accumulated Sum Insured Safeguard if you opt out of this beneﬁt at any point in time. 4.17. Safeguard+ 4.16.1. Claim Safeguard+: We will cover non-payable items mentioned in ‘List I,II,III,IV of Annexure I’. Clause 2.1.33 for Reasonable and Customary Charges will still apply. 4.16.2. Booster+ Safeguard+: Booster+ will not be impacted if the total claim in a policy year is up to INR 1,00,000. 4.16.3. Sum Insured Safeguard+: Preserves the value of Sum Insured. Safeguards it against inﬂation. We will increase the Base Sum Insured on cumulative basis at each renewal by the rate of inﬂation in the previous year. Inﬂation rate would be the average consumer price index (CPI) of the entire calendar year published by the Central Statistical Organization (CSO). Note: You will lose all accumulated Sum Insured Safeguard+ if you opt out of this beneﬁt at any point in time. Note: You can either choose Safeguard or Safeguard+ at a given point in time. 4.18. Annual Aggregate Deductible This is an aggregate amount in a year that is incurred by you on Expenses in reaching a Hospital, Expenses during Hospitalization, Expenses before and after hospitalization, Home Care / Domiciliary Treatment, Organ Donor, which we will NOT pay. Once the total expense exceeds this amount, balance we will pay. Note: a. Deductible amount borne by you should also be payable as per policy terms and conditions. b. Deductible will NOT apply to Annual Health Check-up, Live Healthy, Second Medical Opinion, Shared Accommodation Cash, e-consultation, Personal Accident, Hospital Daily Cash beneﬁts. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 4.19. Co-payment Co-payment once chosen CAN NOT be reduced. It’s the percentage of admissible claim amount You would have to bear, Rest we will pay. Note: Co-payment will NOT apply to Annual Health Check-up, Live Healthy, Second Medical Opinion, Shared Accommodation Cash, e-consultation, Personal Accident, Hospital Daily Cash beneﬁts. 4.20. Pre-Existing Disease Waiting Time Modiﬁcation You can choose to reduce or completely remove the Pre-Existing Disease waiting time. Once you opt this beneﬁt, it CAN NOT be reduced further. 4.21. Room Type Modiﬁcation You can as per your lifestyle, choose to change the room category we are offering, and opt for what suits you best! You can choose between a Single Private Room and a Sharing Room. Once you have chosen the room type, then this CAN NOT be changed. Irrespective of the Room type you choose, ICU admission will always be paid up to Base Sum Insured. 5. Exclusions 5.1. Standard Exclusions 5.1.1. Pre-existing Diseases (Code–Excl01): a. Expenses related to the treatment of a Pre-existing Disease (PED) and its direct complications shall be excluded until the expiry of 36 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the ﬁrst Policy with Us. In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the b. c. extent of Sum Insured increase. d. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as deﬁned under the portability norms of the extant IRDAI (Health Insurance) Regulations, then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage. e. Coverage under the Policy after the expiry of 36 months for any Pre-existing Disease is subject to the same being declared at the time of application and accepted by Us. 5.1.2. Speciﬁed disease/procedure waiting period (Code- Excl02) a. Expenses related to the treatment of the listed conditions, surgeries/treatments shall be excluded until the expiry of 24 months of continuous coverage after the date of inception of the ﬁrst Policy with us. This exclusion shall not be applicable for claims arising due to an Accident (covered from day 1) or Cancer (covered after 30-day waiting period). In case of enhancement of Sum Insured the exclusion shall apply afresh to the extent of Sum Insured increase. If any of the speciﬁed disease/procedure falls under the waiting period speciﬁed for pre-Existing diseases, then the longer of the two waiting periods shall apply. b. c. f. d. The waiting period for listed conditions shall apply even if contracted after the Policy or declared and accepted without a speciﬁc exclusion. e. If the Insured Person is continuously covered without any break as deﬁned under the applicable norms on portability stipulated by IRDAI then waiting period for the same would be reduced to the extent of prior coverage. List of speciﬁc diseases/procedures: i. Pancreatitis and stones in biliary and urinary system ii. Cataract, glaucoma and retinal detachment iii. Hyperplasia of prostate, hydrocele and spermatocele iv. Prolapse uterus or cervix, endometriosis, Fibroids, Polycystic ovarian disease (PCOD), hysterectomy (unless necessitated by Malignancy) v. Hemorrhoids, ﬁssure, ﬁstula or abscess of anal and rectal region vi. Hernia of any site or type, vii. Osteoarthritis, joint replacement, osteoporosis, systemic connective tissue disorders, inﬂammatory polyarthropathies, Rheumatoid viii. Varicose veins of lower extremities ix. All internal or external benign neoplasms/ tumours, cyst, sinus, polyps, nodules, mass or lump x. Ulcer, erosion or varices of gastro intestinal tract xi. Surgical treatment for diseases of middle ear and mastoid (including otitis media, cholesteatoma, perforation of tympanic membrane), Tonsils and adenoids, nasal septum and nasal sinuses 5.1.3. 30-day waiting period (Code- Excl03): a. Expenses related to the treatment of any Illness within 30 days from the ﬁrst Policy commencement date shall be excluded except claims arising due to an Accident, provided the same are covered. b. This exclusion shall not, however, apply if the Insured Person has continuous coverage for more than twelve months c. The within referred waiting period is made applicable to the enhanced Sum Insured in the event of granting higher Sum Insured subsequently. 5.1.4. Investigation & Evaluation (Code-Excl04) a. Expenses related to any admission primarily for diagnostics and evaluation purposes only are excluded. b. Any diagnostic expenses which are not related or not incidental to the current diagnosis and treatment are excluded. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 5.1.5. Rest Cure, rehabilitation and respite care (Code-Excl05) Expenses related to any admission primarily for enforced bed rest and not for receiving treatment. This also includes: a. Custodial care either at home or in a nursing facility for personal care such as help with activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing, moving around either by skilled nurses or assistant or non-skilled persons. b. Any services for people who are terminally ill to address physical, social, emotional and spiritual needs. 5.1.6. Obesity/ Weight Control (Code-Excl06) Expenses related to the surgical treatment of obesity that does not fulﬁl all the below conditions: a. Surgery to be conducted is upon the advice of the Doctor. b. The surgery/Procedure conducted should be supported by clinical protocols. c. d. Body Mass Index (BMI); The member has to be 18 years of age or older and; i. greater than or equal to 40 or ii. greater than or equal to 35 in conjunction with any of the following severe co-morbidities following failure of less invasive methods of weight loss: 1. Obesity-related cardiomyopathy 2. Coronary heart disease 3. Severe Sleep Apnea 4. Uncontrolled Type2 Diabetes 5.1.7. Cosmetic or plastic Surgery (Code-Excl08) Expenses for cosmetic or plastic surgery or any treatment to change appearance unless for reconstruction following an Accident, Burn(s) or Cancer or as part of medically necessary treatment to remove a direct and immediate health risk to the insured. For this to be considered a medical necessity, it must be certiﬁed by the attending Medical Practitioner. 5.1.8. Hazardous or Adventure sports (Code-Excl09) 5.1.9. Expenses related to any treatment necessitated due to participation as a professional in hazardous or adventure sports, including but not limited to, para-jumping, rock climbing, mountaineering, rafting, motor racing, horse racing or scuba diving, hand gliding, sky diving, deep-sea diving. Breach of law (Code-Excl10) Expenses for treatment directly arising from or consequent upon any Insured Person committing or attempting to commit a breach of law with criminal intent. 5.1.10. Excluded Providers (Code-Excl11) Expenses incurred towards treatment in any Hospital or by any Medical Practitioner or any other provider speciﬁcally excluded by Us and disclosed in Our website / notiﬁed to the Policyholders are not admissible. However, in case of life threatening situations or following an Accident, expenses up to the stage of stabilization are payable but not the complete claim. The complete list of excluded providers can be referred to on our website. Treatment for, alcoholism, drug or substance abuse or any addictive condition and consequences thereof. (Code-Excl12) Treatments received in heath hydros, nature cure clinics, spas or similar establishments or private beds registered as a nursing home attached to such establishments or where admission is arranged wholly or partly for domestic reasons. (Code-Excl13) 5.1.11. 5.1.12. 5.1.13. Refractive Error (Code-Excl15) Expenses related to the treatment for correction of eye sight due to refractive error less than 7.5 dioptres. Note: Less than 7.5 Diopter means a power of eye either >7.5 Dioptre for Hypermetropia or far sightedness (say +7.75 Dioptre) or < 7.5 Dioptre for Myopia or near sightedness (say -7.75 Dioptre). 5.1.14. Unproven Treatments (Code-Excl16) Expenses related to any unproven treatment, services and supplies for or in connection with any treatment. Unproven treatments are treatments, procedures or supplies that lack signiﬁcant medical documentation to support their effectiveness. 5.1.15. Sterility and Infertility (Code-Excl17) Expenses related to sterility and infertility. This includes: a. Any type of contraception, sterilization b. Assisted Reproduction services including artiﬁcial insemination and advanced reproductive technologies such as IVF, ZIFT, GIFT, ICSI c. Gestational Surrogacy d. Reversal of sterilization 5.1.16. Maternity Expenses (Code-Excl18) a. Medical treatment expenses traceable to childbirth (including complicated deliveries and caesarean sections incurred during Hospitalization) except ectopic pregnancy; b. Expenses towards miscarriage (unless due to an Accident) and lawful medical termination of pregnancy during the Policy Period. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 5.2. Speciﬁc Exclusions 5.2.1. Personal Waiting Period Conditions speciﬁed for an Insured Person under Personal Waiting Period will be subject to a Waiting Period of up to 48 months from the inception of the First Policy with Us. 5.2.2. Conﬂict & Disaster: Treatment for any Injury or Illness resulting directly or indirectly from nuclear, radiological emissions, war or war like situations (whether war is declared or not), rebellion (act of armed resistance to an established government or leader), acts of terrorism. 5.2.3. External Congenital Anomaly: Screening, counseling or treatment related to external Congenital Anomaly. 5.2.4. Dental treatment: All dental treatments other than due to accidents and cancers. 5.2.5. Unrecognized Physician or Hospital: a. Treatment or Medical Advice provided by a Medical Practitioner not recognized by the Medical Council of India or by Central Council of Indian Medicine or by Central council of Homeopathy. b. Treatment provided by anyone with the same residence as an Insured Person or who is a member of the Insured Person’s immediate family or relatives. c. Treatment provided by Hospital or health facility that is not recognized by the relevant authorities in India. 5.2.6. Costs which are not Reasonable and Customary and treatments which are not Medically Necessary. Refer Deﬁnition 2.1.33 for Reasonable and Customary Charges. 5.2.7. Artiﬁcial life maintenance for the Insured Person who has been declared brain dead or in vegetative state Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 Simplified for you Free look is a 15 / 30 days period during which you can return back your policy, if you don’t like what you have purchased. 6. General Terms and Clauses 6.1. Standard General Terms and Clauses 6.1.1. Free Look Period The Free Look Period shall be applicable on new individual health insurance policies and not on renewals or at the time of porting/migrating the policy. The insured person shall be allowed free look period of fifteen days (thirty days for policies with a term of 3 years, if sold through distance marketing) from date of receipt of the policy document to review the terms and conditions of the policy, and to return the same if not acceptable. lf the insured has not made any claim during the Free Look Period, the insured shall be entitled to: i. refund of the premium paid, less any expenses incurred by the Company on medical examination of the insured person. 6.1.2.