frequency. 1 year Tenure 2 years Tenure 3 years Tenure Policy inforce up to Up to 30 days 31 to 90 days 91 to 180 days exceeding 180 days Refund Premium (%) 75% 50% 25% 0% Policy inforce up to Up to 30 days 31 to 90 days 91 to 180 days 181 to 365 days 366 to 455 days 456 to 545 days Exceeding 545 days Refund Premium (%) 87.5% 75% 62.5% 50% 25% 12% 0% Policy inforce up to Up to 30 days 31 to 90 days 91 to 180 days 181 to 365 days 366 to 455 days 456 to 545 days 545 to 720 days Exceeding 720 days Refund Premium (%) 90% 87.5% 75% 60% 50% 25% 12% 0% Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 No refund is applicable for Half Yearly, Quarterly & Monthly premium frequencies. In case of death of an Insured, pro-rate refund of the premium for the deceased insured will be refunded, provided there is no history of claim. ii. The Company may cancel the policy at any time on grounds of misrepresentation non-disclosure of material facts, fraud by the insured person by giving 15 days' written notice. There would be no refund of premium on cancellation on grounds of misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material facts or fraud. 6.1.3. Renewal of Policy The policy shall ordinarily be renewable except on grounds of fraud, misrepresentation by the insured person. i. The Company shall endeavor to give notice for renewal. However, the Company is not under obligation to give any notice for renewal. ii. Renewal shall not be denied on the ground that the insured person had made a claim or claims in the preceding policy years. iii. Request for renewal along with requisite premium shall be received by the Company before the end of the policy period. Simplified for you If we ever cancel your policy, it will be for Fraud or Non disclosure only. Insurance contract is a legal contract too and it’s based on trust. iv. At the end of the policy period, the policy shall terminate and can be renewed within the Grace Period of 30 days (15 days in case of other than single premium policies) to maintain continuity of benefits without break in policy. Coverage is not available during the grace period. v. No loading shall apply on renewals based on individual claims experience. Fraud is an action by you or anyone acting on your behalf where you receive benefits, financial or otherwise, for which you are either not eligible at all or not to the extent under the policy. 6.1.4. Possibility of Revision of Terms of the Policy Including the Premium Rates The Company, with prior approval of IRDAI, may revise or modify the terms of the Policy including the premium rates. The Insured Person shall be notified three months before the changes are effected. Pay your renewal premium before end of policy period to maintain continuity of benefits. A grace period is also available to pay the premium after policy expiry. 6.1.5. Nomination The policyholder is required at the inception of the policy to make a nomination for the purpose of payment of claims under the policy in the event of death of the policyholder. Any change of nomination shall be communicated to the company in writing and such change shall be effective only when an endorsement on the policy is made. ln the event of death of the policyholder, the Company will pay the nominee {as named in the Policy Schedule/ Policy Certificate/Endorsement (if any)} and in case there is no subsisting nominee, to the legal heirs or legal representatives of the policyholder whose discharge shall be treated as full and final discharge of its liability under the policy. 6.1.6. Fraud lf any claim made by the insured person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false statement, or declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices are used by the insured person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit under this policy, all benefits under this policy and the premium paid shall be forfeited. Any amount already paid against claims made under this policy but which are found fraudulent later shall be repaid by all recipient(s)/policyholder(s), who has made that particular claim, who shall be jointly and severally liable for such repayment to the insurer. For the purpose of this clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts committed by the insured person or by his agent or the hospital/doctor/any other party acting on behalf of the insured person, with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer to issue an insurance policy: a) the suggestion, as a fact of that which is not true and Note: You are NOT insured during the grace period. Simplified for you • for We will cancel your policy, will not pay any claim, will not refund any premium paid and have right to take all possible legal action recovery of including against you if paid benefits earlier, You withheld any information from us, whole or part that would have invited any decision other than a ‘standard acceptance’ insurance. of Note: Non standard decisions are: ° Loading – We ask for additional premium ° Exclusions – We apply a additional waiting period for health conditions or treatments ° Rejection – We hate to do this. But sometimes are compelled to say no to a customer application your for Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 IMPORTANT: We understand you may not know how important is the information on your health and it’s impact on your policy. Hence it’s very important that you disclose information and we would all health it decide how ‘material’) it is. • Cause fraud of any kind important (we call which the insured person does not believe to be true; b) the active concealment of a fact by the insured person having knowledge or belief of the fact; c) any other act fitted to deceive; and d) any such act or omission as the law specially declares to be fraudulent The Company shall not repudiate the claim and / or forfeit the policy benefits on the ground of Fraud, if the insured person / beneficiary can prove that the misstatement was true to the best of his knowledge and there was no deliberate intention to suppress the fact or that such misstatement of or suppression of material fact are within the knowledge of the insurer. 6.1.7. Withdrawal of Policy i. ii. ln the likelihood of this product being withdrawn in future, the Company will intimate the insured person about the same 90 days prior to expiry of the policy. lnsured Person will have the option to migrate to similar health insurance product available with the Company at the time of renewal with all the accrued continuity benefits such as cumulative bonus, waiver of waiting period as per IRDAI guidelines, provided the policy has been maintained without a break. 6.1.8. Redressal of Grievance: ln case of any grievance the insured person may contact the company through: Website: www.nivabupa.com Toll- Free: 1860-500-8888 E-mail: customercare@nivabupa.com (Senior citizens may write to us at: seniorcitizensupport@nivabupa.com) 011-41743397 Customer Services Department Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited D-5, 2nd Floor, Logix Infotech Park opp. Metro Station, Sector 59, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, 201301 Fax : Courier: lnsured person may also approach the grievance cell at any of the company's branches with the details of grievance. If lnsured person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through one of the above methods, insured person may contact the grievance officer at: Head – Customer Services Niva Bupa Health Insurance Company Limited D-5, 2nd Floor, Logix Infotech Park opp. Metro Station, Sector 59, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, 201301 Contact No: 1860-500-8888 Fax No.: 011-41743397 Email ID: customercare@nivabupa.com For updated details of grievance officer, kindly refer the link https://www.nivabupa.com/ customer-care/health-services/grievance-redressal.aspx If the Insured person is not satisfied with the above, they can escalate to GRO@nivabupa. com. lf lnsured person is not satisfied with the redressal of grievance through above methods, the insured person may also approach the office of lnsurance Ombudsman of the respective area/region for redressal of grievance as per lnsurance Ombudsman Rules 2017 (at the addresses given in Annexure II). Grievance may also be lodged at IRDAI lntegrated Grievance Management System - https:// igms. irda.qov. in/ 6.1.9. Claim settlement (Provision for Penal interest) Simplified for you i. The Company shall settle or reject a claim, as the case may be, within 30 days from the ii. date of receipt of last necessary document. ln the case of delay in the payment of a claim, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the policyholder from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the We will provide our decision on claim within 30 days (45 days for investigated cases) from submission of all necessary claim documents. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 date of payment of claim at a rate 2% above the bank rate. iii. However, where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of the Company, it shall initiate and complete such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document- ln such cases, the Company shall settle or reject the claim within 45 days from the date of receipt of last necessary document. ln case of delay beyond stipulated 45 days, the Company shall be liable to pay interest to the policyholder at a rate 2% above the bank rate from the date of receipt of last necessary document to the date of payment of claim. (Explanation: "Bank rate" shall mean the rate fixed by the Reserve Bank of lndia (RBl) at the beginning of the financial year in which claim has fallen due) iv. 6.1.10. Moratorium Period After completion of eight continuous years under the Policy no look back to be applied. This period of eight years is called as moratorium period. The moratorium would be applicable for the sums insured of the first Policy and subsequently completion of 8 continuous years would be applicable from date of enhancement of sums insured only on the enhanced limits. After the expiry of Moratorium Period no health insurance claim shall be contestable except for proven fraud and permanent exclusions specified in the Policy contract. The policies would however be subject to all limits, sub limits, co-payments,