, are directly made to the network provider by the insurer to the extent pre-authorization is approved. Congenital Anomaly means a condition which is present since birth, and which is abnormal with reference to form, structure or position. a. b. External Congenital Anomaly: Congenital Anomaly which is in the visible and accessible parts of the body. Internal Congenital Anomaly: Congenital Anomaly which is not in the visible and accessible parts of the body. 2.1.3. 2.1.4. 2.1.5. 2.1.6. Day Care Centre means any institution established for Day Care Treatment of Illness and/or Injuries or a medical set-up with a Hospital and which has been registered with the local authorities, wherever applicable, and is under the supervision of a registered and qualiﬁed Medical Practitioner AND must comply with all minimum criterion as under: has Qualiﬁed Nursing staff under its employment; a. b. has qualiﬁed Medical Practitioner(s) in charge; c. d. maintains daily records of patients and will make these accessible to the insurance company’s authorized personnel. has a fully equipped operation theatre of its own where Surgical Procedures are carried out; 2.1.7. Day Care Treatment refers to medical treatment, and/or Surgical Procedure which is: a. undertaken under General or Local Anaesthesia in a Hospital/Day Care Centre in less than 24 hrs because of technological advancement, and b. which would have otherwise required a Hospitalization of more than 24 hours. Treatment normally taken on an out patient basis is not included in the scope of this deﬁnition. 2.1.8. Dental Treatment means a treatment related to teeth or structures supporting teeth including examinations, ﬁllings (where appropriate), crowns, extractions and Surgery. 2.1.9. Domiciliary Hospitalization means medical treatment for an Illness/disease/Injury which in the normal course would require care and treatment at a Hospital but is actually taken while conﬁned at home under any of the following circumstances: a. b. the condition of the patient is such that he/she is not in a condition to be removed to a Hospital, or the patient takes treatment at home on account of non availability of room in a Hospital. Product Name: ReAssure 2.0 | Product UIN: NBHHLIP23169V012223 2.1.10. Emergency care means management for an Illness or Injury which results in symptoms which occur suddenly and unexpectedly, and requires immediate care by a Medical Practitioner to prevent death or serious long term impairment of the Insured Person’s health. 2.1.11. Grace Period means the speciﬁed period of time immediately following the premium due date during which a payment can be made to Renew or continue a policy in force without loss of continuity beneﬁts such as Waiting Periods and